Stir (with Antarctic ice), strain, up, drip Moroccan bitters along the rim of the glass, orange twist.
Stir/Strain/Up/Lemon Twist
Stir, rocks, garnish.
Shake Campari, tequila, and lime with ice and strain into ice filled rocks glass. Top with club soda, garnish with lime wheel.
Stir and Strain.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir in a mixing glass with ice.  Strain into absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Stir and strain.
Stir well with ice and strain into a pre-chilled
Shake, double strain, up.  Serve with Parle-G biscuits
Shake, strain into a wine glass, top with pebble ice and soda, garnish with sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, strain into chilled coupe.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with three more drops of Angostura.
Stir (with Antarctic ice), strain, up, drip Moroccan bitters along the rim of the glass, orange twist.
Stir/Strain/Up/Lemon Twist
Stir, rocks, garnish.
Shake Campari, tequila, and lime with ice and strain into ice filled rocks glass. Top with club soda, garnish with lime wheel.
Stir and Strain.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir in a mixing glass with ice.  Strain into absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Stir and strain.
Stir well with ice and strain into a pre-chilled
Shake, double strain, up.  Serve with Parle-G biscuits
Shake, strain into a wine glass, top with pebble ice and soda, garnish with sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, strain into chilled coupe.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with three more drops of Angostura.
Stir all ingredients in an ice filled mixing glass and strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with an orange twist.

Stir and strain over one large ice cube. Express the lemon oils on top and drop the peel into the glass.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass rinsed with Green Chartreuse
Muddle mint leaves and Domaine de Canton in a mixing glass until well expressed. Add gin and lemon juice. Double strain into a mule mug filled with large ice. Top with ginger beer, garnish with a mint sprig and a lemon slice
Mix in a big bowl. Add ice. Make pretty.
Place paper filter in chemex and rinse with freshly boiled water. Remove filter and dump water. Add 90ml of Chivas 18 into the bottom of the chemex and place chemex in hot water bath, 2 inches deep. Place filter back into chemex and add 21 grams of coffee. Coffee should be ground slightly coarser than espresso grind. Mix 30mls of syrup and 18 drops of bitters with 210mls of freshly boiled water in a pouring jug. Add a tiny bit of the hot mixture, enough so that the coffee grounds are wet. Mix with spoon and let sit for 30 seconds. Start to pour the hot mixture in a circular motion (start at the edge and finish in the middle) Once the cone is full, let it drip through and then add the rest of the hot mixture in the center of the cone. Once it has slowed to a slow dribble, discard the cone.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, Pernod-rinsed coupe
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled coupe. Lemon zest.
Cut cheeks (peel, pith, small bit of fruit) off the four sides of an orange - bonus if it's a Valencia or Seville. Add ingredients to glass, drop in four orange cheeks, add ice and shake (to integrate the orgeat). Double strain into a coupe, and garnish with a thin orange slice.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir (or shake), strain into a flute, top with sparkling wine, garnish.
Swirl whisky & rum together. Toss in one dash of bitters. Pour over ice then add ginger ale and one more dash of bitters
Dry shake, add ice--shake, strain, coupe
Stir, strain, cocktail glass.  Expressed orange twist.
Stir, strain, twist, neat.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain over rocks in a Collins, splash Coke, garnish.
Stir and serve in a coupe glass with a lemon twist.
Build in rocks glass with 1-2 large cubes nearly filling glass. Stir.
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass over a gentleman's cube. Express orange oil over surface of the drink and drop in the glass.
Stir, strain, up, insert or discard peel as desired.
Shake, strain, rocks, low ball
Combine Pimms, Honey-Ginger, and Lemon.  Shake and strain into a chilled flute.  Top with Champagne and float Sorel.
Build in a shaker, add mint sprig, shake briefly.  Strain over fresh ice in a collins glass, top with equal parts tonic and soda water, about an ounce of each.  Garnish with other mint sprig and float Peychaud's on top.
Shake & strain
Stir with ice, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir and strain into an absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass.
Combine liquid ingredients and crushed ice in blender, blend on high 5 seconds. Pour into frosty pre-chilled metallic or tiki mug.  Garnish with grated nutmeg and cinnamon stick.
Shake, strain, Collins w/ ice.
Combine all ingredients in shaker.  Shake over ice, strain into rocks glass with large ice cube.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Long stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into rocks glass over large rock. Add orange peel as garnish
Dash of mole bitters.
Stir, strain, rocks or one big rock.
Stir with ice. Strain into heavy rocks glass over large ice cube. Twist, rim and garnish with lemon peel. Sprinkle salt over cube.
Stir, strain, rocks glass, no ice
Stir Fernet Branca with scotch over ice, strain into sugar muddled with bitters,then into an Old-Fashioned glass rinsed with absinthe.
Stir, strain, neat, twist.
Stir over ice, strain, garnish w/ orange oil. Variation suggestion: substitute one dash Bittermen's Xocolati Mole Bitters.
Stir with ice, strain, up, chilled cordial glass, cherry as garnish
Shake first four ingredients and strain slowly and at an angle over sparkling wine in a flute. Garnish with a lemon peel.
Dry shake, shake, strain, garnish.
Add whiskey, liqueurs & bitters in a mixing glass with ice; stir till very chilled (30-45), strain and pour into a low ball glass, and garnish with an expressed lemon peel
Shake, strain, no garnish.
Shake all together with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with flamed orange peel.
Tear mint and place in shaker. Add other ingredients. Shake with ice and fine strain into chilled small Martini glass. Garnish with a lemon zest twist and a cherry.
Shake with ice and strain into a Collins glass containing ice cubes. Add a straw.
Shake. Strain.  Serve in a cocktail glass.  Garnish with black pepper and a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Build in a shaker, adding yolk last and giving it a dry shake.  Shake hard quickly then strain into a collins glass.  Fill with crushed ice.
Serve over crushed ice with twists for garnish.
Muddle mint leaves with simple syrup. Add absinthe and shake with ice. Double strain into a highball glass over fresh ice. Top with soda water and garnish with a sprig of mint.
Combine with ice, shake and strain into a chilled coupe.  Flamed orange garnish.
Dissolve sugar with sparkling water, add vermouth and absinthe. Add the egg white. (Dry shake first, please!) Fill the shaker with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a champagne glass (coupe?) in which there is a cherry with creme de menthe poured over it.
Stir with ice and strain into rocks glass over a gentleman's cube. Express lemon oil over the surface, rub the rim and drop the peel in.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a Collins or hurricane glass, garnish with slapped mint.
Shake all ingredients lightly with ice, strain into an absinthe glass filled with crushed ice, and garnish with mint sprig
Add all ingredients to a blender and blend until slushy. Pour unstrained into a Collins glass.
Stir with ice, strain, coupe or cocktail glass, garnish with lemon peel
Shake strain up
Combine ingredients in a shaker and fill with ice. Shake well until chilled; strain into chilled glass.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, maraschino cherry garnish.
Assemble everything in an ice-filled mixing glass and stir for 30 seconds. Strain into an OF glass with a monstah cube of ice
Shake, strain over one large rock in a rocks glass, garnish with a roset of beets (thin slices of yellow beet arranged and pinned into a rose-like fan).
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, garnish with cherries
Rinse a rocks glass with the absinthe but don't toss it out. Put it all in the freezer for a bit.
Lightly bruise mint in a julep cup. In mixing glass, muddle 2 hulled strawberries, sugar, vinegar and bitters. Add bourbon, ice and stir to chill. Double strain to Julep glass adding plenty of crushed ice. Garnish with mint sprig.
Build in glass over ice, stir, garnish.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain. The recipe calls for this to be served up but the volume seems to call for a larger vessel. At Wallflower they're served out of bottles.
Shake with ice. Up. No garnish.
Stir with ice. Serve up or over ice, with a twist of lemon.
Shake, strain, up.
Build in a half liter mug with ice; stir and enjoy
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Peel and juice lime; add juice and zest to shaker with rum, bourbon, and sugar. Shake, pour without straining, garnish with slapped mint sprig.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Shake vermouth, sherry, juice, and bitters with ice. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Flame orange peel over top and dust with nutmeg, if you're using it.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, express lemon peel and discard
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir/strain/champagne flute, fill with 3 oz champagne.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake with ice, strain into glass.
Stir, strain, one large rock, garnish.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain over one big ice cube, express, garnish.
Rinse, dash Ango onto sugar cube and dissolve, add whisky and stir with ice, strain. Break the kaffir leaf in four over the drink, rub them over the rim and discard.
Build over ice in a tall glass with ice; top with seltzer.

Slap mint, muddle cuke, shake, double strain, top, garnish.
Shake, strain, one big rock.
Shake, double strain,  coupe.
Stir on big rock. Garnish with a fat orange peel.
Shake with ice, strain up into chilled coupe.
Stir, strain into Mezcal-rinsed coupe, garnish.
Shake with ice, pour into rocks glass. Garnish with orange twist.
Stir with ice in an old-fashioned glass; garnish.
Mix gin, maraschino and lemon juice, shake with ice, pour in cocktail glass. "Sink" the Creme de Cassis in the glass
Shake everything but the beer over ice and strain into a pint glass. Top with beer. Garnish.
Combine rye, vermouth, and amaro in a mixing glass and stir with cracked ice.  Strain into a coupe glass and express orange oil over the top.
Squeeze lime into cocktail shaker and add other ingredients. Muddle sage leaves and peppers to release the flavors. Shake well over ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Muddle the figs in the base of a shaker. Add the remaining ingredients and shake with ice cubes. Double-strain over one large ice cube into a rocks glass and garnish.
Stir on good ice and strain, serve neat like you would any mans drink.
Shake, strain over crushed, top with ginger beer, garnish with a grapefruit peel with line of smoked Chipolte Tabasco
Shake, double strain, up, garnish with a fancy double helix grapefruit twist.
Stir and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, strain, up, cocktail glass, sugared rim. A puddle of ginger will settle to the bottom of the glass.
Stir dry to dissolve, add ice and stir to chill
Shake, strain, chilled coupe.
Shake, strain, top with Champagne
Muddle sugars, 1 strawberry, peels, maraschino.  Add tequila and sherry.  Mix briefly with small amount of ice.  Pour into double rocks glass.  Add crushed ice.  Garnish.  Add straw.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a cocktail flag and nutmeg.
Shake w/o basil and lemon peel, add basil and shake 5 times.  Double strain, serve up, garnish.
Shake very, very hard and long. Chilled glass. Makes about 3 drinks.
Stir for 30 seconds, strain into profoundly cold coupe. No garnish.
Shake with ice, strain over crushed ice in a tall glass, swizzle, top with 4-5 dashes bitters, garnish with mint, serve with straw.
Stir well with ice. Strain. Garnish with cocktail onion (optional).
Build as a scaffa in a wine glass.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice and garnish with an orange twist.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled champagne flute.  Add the garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a pre-cooled cocktail glass.
Put ingredients besides cinnamon into blender.  Pour into glass and sprinkle with cinnnamon.
Shake, strain, up or rocks.
Shake with ice, strain.
Stir all ingredients over ice; strain into chilled coupe; garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, up. Twist lemon peel and discard.
Add ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice.  Shake hard, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Serve straight up.  No garnish.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail
Combine all ingredients in double old fashioned glass over a large chunk of ice
Build in a highball glass over ice.  Add tonic and stir.
Stir, strain, serve over ice in a rocks glass with an apple fan as garnish.
Stir with cracked ice and served in a chilled coupe. Garnish with a Flamed Orange Twist.
Stir with ice in mixing glass, strain into coupe.  No garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake with ice and strain into glass
Shake, strain, Collins, ice, ginger beer, optionally garnish with two blackberries and a thin slice of ginger.
Stir > Strain > Rocks... Garnishes: Express > Rim > Drop.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients without ice until foamy, add ice and shake again, strain, straight up into cocktail or coupe glass, spoon out additional foam in shaker, garnish with maraschino cherries
Shake with ice, strain into a coupe. No garnish
Shake and strain into an ice-filled highball glass. Serve with a screwdriver (optional).
Add all ingredients to mixing glass along with ice and stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe. No garnish
Shake w/ ice, strain into a rocks glass w/ a king cube. Garnish with ginger
Shake, strain, up.
Stir spirits, bitters, pre-chilled strong coffee (medium roast w/ balanced acid, made w/melior or french press, not espresso) with ice. Strain into Duralex cafe glass tumbler or a small highball glass. Large icecube and lemon peel garnish optional.

Build, stir, flamed orange peel around rim & thyme sprig as garnish
Stir, up. No garnish.
Stir. Strain into chilled Coupe. Garnish with a Lemon Twist
Stir, strain, rocks, low ball, garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Dry shake, add ice, shake again, and strain into a cocktail glass. Decorate with a few drops of Angostura bitters.
Stir; strain over large cube in rocks glass; lemon swath garnish
Stir, strain, rocks.
Stir, strain into OF glass with fresh ice, add zests
Dry shake, shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Shake with ice. Strain into rocks glass. Garnish with lemon twist and cherry if desired.

Combine ingredients in a mixing 
Shake, strain into a white wine glass, cover with crushed ice, float rum, serve with straws.
Shake and strain with one of the cherries; top with soda and garnish with the second cherry
Shake hard and double strain into ice-filled collins. Garnish with lime wheel and grated nutmeg
Shake ingredients together with ice, EXCEPT champagne.  Strain mix into champagne flute and pour champagne on top with lemon peel garnish.
Shake and serve on the rocks, or straight, or whatever
Combine in tin. Shake with small piece of cracked ice. Strain over spear cube in collins glass. Top with Perrier or Club Soda. Garnish with a horse-neck grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Dry shake, then shake vigorously with ice, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, top with Champagne, garnish.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Fill mixing-glass with ice; stir well and strain into a cocktail-glass. Squeeze a piece of orange peel on top.
Shake Amer Picon, Egg White and Grenedine, pour into an ice filled 'goblet' top off with club soda.  Add angostura and stir.
Stir all but soda in an ice-filled collins glass; top with club soda.
Stir, strain into a coupe, top with Champagne, garnish.
Stir vermouth and amaro with ice and strain into a coupe, adding sparkling water. Twist and garnish.
Build over rocks in a Collins, topping with the pilsner and garnishing.
Combine all ingredients except the port, shake with ice, strain. Garnish with a rose petal.
Combine, stir, strain into rocks glass with large ice chunks
Add liqueuers to a flute, top with sparkling wine.
Build, rocks, Collins or highball glass, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
30 second stir, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish with flaming orange peel
Stir; strain; up.
Muddle red bell pepper, jalapeno slice and raspberry.
Muddle mint and blackberries before adding rye and demerara syrup. Shake/double strain/one giant rock/haven't decided on a garnish yet.
Shake, double-strain into chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a lime twist.
Stir. Up. Coupe. orange zest.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, rock, optional lemon twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled, Absinthe-rinsed coupe. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake long and hard (at least 20 seconds) over ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with a thin strip of lemon peel and a lump of crystallized ginger

Salt glass if desired. Shake w. ice. Double strain over cocktail glass with ice cubes. Garnish w. lime.
Shake, strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass, garnish with mint and lime wedge
Shake, strain up, garnish
Stir with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass, garnish with brandied cherry
Shake all ingredients except Allspice and double strain in cocktail glass rinsed with Allspice Dram. I use 2 sprays with an atomic bottle.
Build in a mixing glass, add ice and stir briefly.  Strain into a rocks glass with large ice, garnish with an orange peel.
Shake, Strain, Up.
Stir over ice. Strain cocktail glass. Garnish orange twist.
Build in mixing glass over ice, stir for 30 secs, strain into coupe. No garnish.
Lime wedge, orange wedge, Build, Rocks, Highball
Stir; strain; up.
Dry shake, shake, strain over ice in a tall glass.
Muddle 3 slices cucumber in honey syrup. Pour sherry and add salt. Add ice and shake. Double strain into a small cocktail glass or wine glass. Garnish with 1 slice of cucumber.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Combine all ingredients in mixing tin, add ice, shake very vigorously.  Single strain into cheater tin, dump ice from large tin.  Seal again and shake without ice vigorously again, pour into stemmed glass.
Dry shake, add ice, shake, strain, up
Shake with ice, strain into a coupe
Stir and strain.
Shake till cold. Serve up. Smile.
First, to dissolve the maple syrup, combine it with the rye and tequila, stirring at room temperature. Then combine all ingredients in a mixing glass full of ice. Stir while thinking about Laurel and Hardy. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add the garnish.
Fill two-thirds of a cocktail shaker with ice, add the liquid ingredients and shake vigorously. Strain into an ice-filled old-fashioned glass and garnish with the orange slice.
Stir all ingredients and strain over big cubes in rocks glass. Garnish with orange swath
Shake, strain, up, slowly float, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Shake gin, St. Germain, lemon juice, and pineapple juice with ice. Strain into an ice filled high ball. Float red wine on top.
Shake, pour, serve on ice, sip slow
Shake with ice, strain in to a chilled coupe. 
Stir all ingredients. Strain into chilled rocks glass. Garnish with orange peel
Shake, strain over one big rock, spritz.
Shake with lots of cracked ice and serve in a Manhattan glass.
Liquids: Shake > Strain > Coupe... Garnish: Squeeze > Rim > Drop
Shake, strain over Champagne, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Combine ingredients, shake in iced shaker, strain into coupe
Shake, strain, one big rock.
Shake and strain into coupe. Garnish with strawberry.
Build in a collins glass over ice; top with lemon-lime soda. Garnish with a half-wheel of orange.
Shake vigorously, strain on the rocks, garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with smacked rosemary.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a lemon wheel studded with cloves.
Muddle cardamom (a mortar & pestle work great for this), then add remaining ingredients. Dry shake.  Add ice and shake vigorously.  Double strain into coctail glass.
Build in tall glass over ice, stir, garnish with cocoa powder, serve with straw.
Build in a wineglass over ice and stir; garnish with thin, seedless slices of cucumber.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle, dry shake, shake all and double strain
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Stir, strain, rocks, old fashioned glass, garnish
Shake, strain, straight up, chilled sugar-rimmed cocktail glass
Stir with ice in old fashioned glass, serve.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Muddle, shake, strain, garnish with a pinch of chili powder and a sprig of your choice of vegetation.
Mix, add large ice pieces, serve over ice
Bake the apple until it's so soft it's falling apart. Stir sugar in a splash of hot water, add brandy and apple, top with the rest of the hot water, and stir. Top with grated nutmeg.
Shake with ice, pour all into glass, add additional ice if necessary.
Add bourbon, apricot liqueur, Averna, and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake until well chilled, about 20 seconds. Strain into an ice-filled OId Fashioned glass, garnish with lemon twist, and serve immediately.
Dry shake; shake; strain; garnish.
Shake everything except the soda, split the soda, strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Top with the remaining soda.
Carpano Antica will be dryer than Punt e Mes. Could also use regular sweet vermouth.
Muddle cucumber, gin, and Aperol in mixing glass. Stir and strain. Lemon twist garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with fruit in season, serve with straws.
Shake all ingredients other than the soda water, strain, top with soda water.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Combine in mixing glass over ice, stir for 30 secs, strain into coupe. Cherry (either freshly pitted or marinated in maraschino) is optional.
Build in a Collins glass, add crushed ice to fill, and swizzle to mix and chill. Garnish with a large bouquet of mint bound with a thin lemon twist and with 3-4 dashes Angostura Bitters. Add a straw.
Stir, strain over large ice in rocks glass; garnish with orange peel.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, garnish with a celery leaf (optional).
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon oil.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Stir. Strain. Up. Coupe
Shake, double strain, up, garnish.
Add tequila, orange liqueur and lime juice to a Collins glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball glass
Shake all ingredients over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, coupe, twist.
Shake juice and simple syrup with ice, strain into a Collins over ice, layer bitters over drink, top with soda, garnish with lemon peel.
Build in glass over ice, stir, rest, sip.
Shake, strain, up, drizzle chocolate bitters.

Swizzle in a wine glass over crushed ice and garnish.
Muddle a few leaves of fresh thyme and a roughly chopped up slice of ginger in a glass, add all other ingredients and shake over ice.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with bitters, serve with straws.
Shake, strain, rocks, low ball, lime wheel
Dry shake, ice, shake, strain, coupe, lemon twist.
Shake with ice, strain into a chilled coupe, garnish
Stir with ice, strain, serve up in a coupe
Combine liquids in mixing glass, add mint and gently muddle.  Let sit 1 min.  Stir, then strain into rocks glass over large ice.  Garnish with a mint sprig.
Stir, strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass
Build over crushed ice in a lowball, swizzle, top with more ice and a small mint sprig, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, straight up, rinsed coupe, express peel and discard
Lemon twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake lightly, strain over crushed ice in a rocks glass, garnish with a mint sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain, rocks glass. Express the twist and discard.
Muddle blackberries in gin.  Add honey and cream, shake, and serve up.  Garnish with grated nutmeg or drops of Angostura bitters.
Gently bruise mint with juices and falernum. Add rest. Shake and strain into pilsner or Collins glass over crushed ice. Swizzle.
Stir, strain, garnish with grapefruit peel.  Serve up or with large cube/sphere.
Stir with cracked ice and served in a chilled coupe. Garnish with an Orange Twist.
Shake once without ice and once with. Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with drops of Angostura Bitters.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Combine all ingredients and stir, strain into a coupe
Combine pineapple, gin, maple syrup, and orange bitters into mixing glass. Shake and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with Peychaud's.

Shake well with cracked ice, strain into a tall wine goblet, then top off with just a little chilled soda.
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Build drink in a julep cup over crushed ice. Garnish with mint and "blue blaze" chartreuse over top
Mix well, warm slightly to make smooth.  Then cool and sample.  Traditionally drank cold.  Though there are rumors afoot that it is good also warm.
Stir and strain over ice.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with cracked ice for 30 seconds. Very similar to Atty, which has 2 1/4 oz Gin and 3/4 oz Vermouth
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, fine strain, up.
Stir, strain over one large rock.
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Mix all ingredients together in a room temp double old fashioned glass.  Do not chill.  Serve at room temperature.
Lemon twist
Shake, double-strain, straight up, chilled coupe, garnish
Combine first 3 ingredients in 9oz old-fashioned glass over ice and stir until syrup is integrated.  Top with soda and stir.  Garnish with rosemary sprig.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake hard, serve up.
Stir, Strain, No Garnish
Combine, stir, strain, enjoy
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir for 30 seconds. Strain into a cocktail glass (or serve over fresh ice in a rocks glass).  Garnish with an apple fan or a slice of apple.
Combine first 4 ingredients, shake with ice, strain into glass. Top with sparkling wine.
Muddle the raspberries in the shaker with the sugar. Shake all ingredients except bitters without ice. Give it another shake with ice. Strain into a coupé. Garnish with a couple drops of bitters.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into glass.  Twist peel over top and drop in.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build over crushed ice, topping with more crushed ice and cinnamon-dusted apple slices. Serve with straws.
Serve on the rocks with a cherry.
If using whole black peppercorns, crack them in a mortar and pestle, or by crushing them between a cutting board and the bottom of a heavy skillet or pan. Add 3 or 4 slices of fresh ginger to a pint glass and muddle.  Add pepper, and liquid ingredients.  Shake with ice until very cold, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a slice of pear.
Stirred, up
Add together with 2 ice cubes and muddled candied ginger, shake well. Garnish with candied ginger.
Shake on Ice, Strain, Enjoy
Stir all ingredients in a mixing glass until cold. Strain into an Old Fashioned glass with large ice and garish with a large orange peel.
Serve on the rocks with a cherry.
Chill all bottled ingredients 2 hours before serving. Mix brandy and wine with sliced apples and pears 30 minutes prior to serving. Add sparkling juice just before serving.
For a cold drink: Add all ingredients to an ice-filled highball glass and stir.   
Stir all ingredients with ice in a mixing glass; strain. Serve straight up or over fresh ice to taste.
Shake, strain, up. Garnish with lemon wheel.
Shake, strain, serve up. Garnish with flaming orange zest.
Shaken, served up with a flamed orange peel as garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist, garnish.
Shake, strain, serve up. Garnish with flaming orange zest.
Combine all ingredients and shake with ice.  Fine strain and garnish with apple slice.
Combine ingredients with ice, stir. Strain into a cocktail coupe.
Shake and strain Pisco, Ponzu, Teriyaki, and fresh lemon juice into a champagne flute. Add Roe, Onion and quail eggs. Garnish with a lemon wedge.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass that's been smoked with a bourbon barrel stave. (Or one that hasn't.)
Shake. strain, up.
Shake/strain/coupe
Shake and double-strain into chilled martini glass. No garnish.
Add all ingredients to mixing glass, top with ice and stir. Strain over fresh ice in a rocks glass.
Shake and strain
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, lowball, rocks
Stir with ice, strain into a rocks glass with a large ice cube
To a cocktail shaker, add all the ingredients (except for the nutmeg) and dry shake vigorously. Add ice and shake again. Double strain into a coupe and garnish with nutmeg.
Server straight up or on ice
Stir, rock, cherry garnish
Build drink in pint glass. Add 1 large blackberry and muddle. Add ice and shake hard for 8-10 seconds. Strain into double old fashioned glass either straight up or on the rocks. Garnish with 1 Luxardo Maraschino cherry.
Build in a brandy snifter.
Stir all ingredients in a mixing glass until chilled.
Stir, rock, garnish as desired
Stir, strain over one large rock in a rocks glass, express and discard lemon twist.
Build in a brandy snifter.
Stir ingredients with ice, EXCEPT champagne.  Strain into cocktail glass then add champagne.
Shake, strain over rocks into a Collins, garnish with a lemon slice, a frozen raspberry, and a sprig of mint.
Shake 
Shake, strain, Tiki mug, crushed ice, garnish.
Stir and strain into a rocks glass over a large cube. Express the oil of an orange swath over the drink and garnish with the peel.
Stir ingredients in a mixing glass and strain into a partially cinnamon-sugar rimmed rocks glass over a big chunk of ice
Stir all ingredients over ice and strain into a tumbler containing one large cube.
Shake, strain, rock.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir, strain into absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass, express and insert flamed peel.
Shake, strain, up.

Shake (ok, stir if you want), strain, rocks
Puree in a blender, serve in a coupe.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass
Combine ingredients except seltzer in 12 oz goblet over ice, pass into mixing glass and forth to combine, top with seltzer, stir lightly to finish. Garnish ad lib.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, or up/cocktail glass.
Add sugar cube to rocks glass and add a little water, lightly muddle and stir until dissolved. Place two wheels of lime on base of glass then add a few cubes of ice. Add rum and bitters then stir for a few seconds.
The mint should be put in the shaker first. It should be torn up by hand as it steeps better. The gin should be added then and allowed to stand a minute or two. Then add the grapefruit juice and then the lime juice. Stir vigorously with ice and do not allow to dilute too much, but serve very cold, with a sprig of mint in each glass.
Muddle leaves with lime and sugar, add rum, shake, strain into ice-filled rocks glass.
Shake briskly and serve in a tell stemmed cocktail glass.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine, shake with ice, and strain over fresh, crushed ice in a tall glass.
Shake, double strain, goblet, nutmeg.
Mix on ice, serve up in a cocktail glass, garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir; strain; rocks or up; garnish
Stir, strain, coupe.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, serve up with twist as garnish.
Shake, strain over kold draft cubes, top with Ango, express and insert peel.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Rinse, shake, strain, garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake everything but horchata/bitters, strain onto ice in rocks glass, float horchata, add bitters.
Shake, strain, rock, twist.
Muddle 3 cherries in a mixing glass. Add ice, liquors and lemon juice, shake, strain into a chilled coupe and garnish
Build over one large rock, stir and garnish with an orange peel.
Shake, strain, up, garnish extravagantly.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with banana slices dusted with sugar (or blow).
Stir, strain, rock.
Shake hard, double strain into a cocktail glass over one fresh block of ice, top with grated nutmeg.
Combine mezcal, lime, and syrup and shake.  Strain into collins with ice, top with sarsaparilla soda.
Build in a tall glass over crushed ice and swizzle til frosted. Garnish with a lime wheel and serve with straw.
Stir, then strain into a chilled rocks glass rinsed with Herbsaint.
Build on the rock, stir briefly to chill, twist.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, top with more crushed ice. Garnish with crushed marcona almonds, finely channeled orange zest, and a fancy cocktail parasol if you've got one.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
In a pint glass put a large lump of ice.  Add rums, lime juice and sugar stir, then fill with ginger ale
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Combine all ingredients in an empty shaker and dry shake for a few moments until egg white is incorporated.  Add ice to the shaker and shake again until drink is ice cold, approximately 20 seconds.  Strain into a large champagne coupe, and garnish with a strawbwerry that has been sliced into a fan, and doused with a dash of Angostura bitters.
Stir, strain, one big rock.

Chill rocks glass with crushed ice and Laphroig rinse. Stir other ingredients with ice cubes. Dispose of crushed ice and Laphroig, add other ingredients and stir.
Add all liquids to an ice-filled mixing glass and stir for at least 30 seconds. Strain into an ice-filled rocks glass and garnish
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Combine all drinks in a mixing glass and stir with cracked ice. Serve up.
Shake first 4 ingredients with ice, strain into ice-filled highball glass, top with ginger beer, stir gently, garnish.
Stir with ice, strain, rocks glass, twist
Shake, strain over soda and ice, top with another splash of soda, garnish with a lemon wheel and/or an apple slice, serve with straw.
Stir all ingredients with ice, then strain into a cocktail glass. Express orange peel and garnish.
Shake, strain over ice in a barrel mug, garnish with mint top, lime wheel, orange wedge, and a cocktail umbrella, serve with straw.
Muddle strawberry in simple, dry shake, shake, fine strain, up.
Combine ingredients and shake with ice. Strain into a rocks glass.
Combine all ingredients, shake and strain into collins glass filled with crushed ice.  Grate nutmeg over the assembled cocktail.
Muddle basil with agave and lime. Add ice and gin. Shake, strain, serve up. Garnish with spanked basil leaf.
Lightly muddle, top with crushed ice, garnish with basil and peach slices.
Combine 1 basil leaf with ingredients into a shaker. Shake vigorously, server over large cube with 1 basil leaf as garnish
Shake with ice, strain in to chilled coupe. 
Gently muddle, build in glass, topping with crushed ice, garnish with more basil, drizzle cranberry syrup.
Muddle the basil with the lime juice, then add tonic water. Fill glass with ice and stir in the gin
Simmer water & basil until reduced to 2 1/2 tbsp. Strain, stir in sugar & 1 tsp fresh lime juice. Shake syrup with rum and 1/2 oz more lime, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Muddle lime and basil in a rocks glass, add vermouth and crushed ice, swizzle.
1. Shake with ice. Strain into a coupe.
Shake and strain into an old-fashioned glass over ice. Garnish with a lime slice.
Shake, strain, straight up, small glass, garnish. 
Muddle peppercorns in bottom of mixing glass. Add other ingredients. Stir with ice. Fine strain (cause the peppercorns). 
Shake, strain into rocks glass.  Express and discard twist.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Muddle mint. Fill hurricane glass with crushed ice. Stir all but tonic water in mixing glass. Strain into hurricane glass, top off with tonic water and more crushed ice. Swizzle. Garnish with mint sprig, lime wheel, and cherries.
Stir; strain; coupe; garnish w/ orange twist
Stir with ice, strain into chilled glass.
Stir everything but red wine and twist over ice. Strain into a coupe. Float red wine, flame twist over top and discard.
In a  large goblet fill 1/3 with ice. Pour in chilled wine, add kirsch and stir. Garnish with strawberries and mint.
Shake, strain, cocktail
Shake, strain, up, garnish with bitters and bay leaf.
Muddle, shake, double, strain, Collins, top.
Stir, strain, up.
Combine first four ingredients in shaker with ice. Squeeze orange wedge into drink and discard. Shake. Add Guinness and mix by pouring from top to bottom glass of shaker. Strain into cocktail glass.
Build, rocks, highball glass. Garnish
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain over rocks, garnish with an apple fan.
Stir and strain.
Build without ice in a chilled rocks glass. Stir briefly to combine. Express a large lemon peel over the drink and drop in.
Shake, strain, up, float a lemon wheel.
Shake, strain, up.
Build over ice in mixing glass, shake for 15 secs or stir for 30, serve up in coupe, no garnish.
Shake; strain; up.
Shake with cracked ice, strain, up, garnish with speared cherry on rim of glass.
Shake with ice strain into a tiki mug filled with ice cubes. Garnish with an orange and cherry flag and an umbrella
Blend at high speed for up to 10 seconds, and pour without straining into a pilsner or tiki glass; serve with straws.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Combine the rye, amaro, madeira, and bitters in a mixing glass, fill with ice, and stir until cold. Strain into a chilled coupe, flame and drop in the twist, and serve.
Rinse a chilled glass with the port, then add it to a mixing glass with the other ingredients. Stir and strain, garnish with the flamed orange peel and drop it into the drink.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass.  Orange twist garnish.
Combine all ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker or large glass. Stir the mixture thoroughly and strain into a coupe. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir everything without ice to incorporate honey. Add ice, shake, strain, up. Optional garnish: cherry.
Shake > Strain > Coupe
Shake, double strain, up.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, coupe. Lemon twist garnish.
Shake and strain into ice-filled highball.
Stir, strain, up, express and insert twist.
Chill a cocktail glass, add ingredients to mixing glass, add ice, stir for a slow count of 10, strain into chilled glass, squeeze oils of lemon peel on top of cocktail and then drop it in.
Shake, fine strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Dry shake the bourbon, honey, lemon, and egg white until frothy. Add ice and the cream and shake. Strain into a Collins glass or preferably a beer mug, topping with High Life (or other highly carbonated beer). Let settle and then add more beer to make a foamy cloud peak above the rim of the glass. No straw, no ice, no garnish.
In a shaker add all ingredients except Yellow Chartreuse. Shake with ice and fine strain into coupe glass rinsed with Yellow Chartreuse. No garnish.
Stir, up, twist.
Shake, double strain, collins glass, top with ginger ale, garnish with fennel or another aromatic herb
Rim a pilsner glass with celery salt and pepper.  Add in Sombra, lime juice and spices.  Top with beer and garnish with grated lime and orange zest.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, up.
Give all ingredients a nice shake and pour over ice into a wine glass or rocks glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Combine all but IPA with ice and stir. Strain into old fashioned glass and top with IPA.
*Combine vodka,Lemon,shrub and almond syrup.
I would make this with 1/4 oz Lemon and 1/4 oz Lime with no added sugar. I might cut back on the Amaretto too, or add more sour. It is supposed to be quite sweet.
Dry shake, shake with ice, double strain, cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients together and double strain into a chilled coup. Garnish with an orange peel.
Combine first 3 ingredients in shaker with ice. Shake, strain into cocktail glass or flute. Top with beer, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, mist (optionally flamed), garnish with rose water-soaked lemon peel.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, ice-filled rocks glass.
No instructions provided with recipe. I built this in a mixing glass over ice. Stir, strain into coupe or similar. Garnish with lemon if desired.
Shake, dry shake, strain, serve in a Nick & Nora glass. Garnish with a whole strawberry, sliced so it rests on the rim.
Build in a tin to let the foam die down and then pour into a chilled flute.
Shake briefly with a few rocks, strain over crushed ice, garnish with mint and blackberries, serve with straws.
Build and chill in a Collins glass over ice.
Pour champagne, add grenadine slowly. Top with bitters and cognac.
Add peach purée to champagne flute, top with prosecco and stir with a chopstick
Build in a mixing glass, add large ice cubes.
Build on the rocks.
Shake, strain, up.
Mix and serve with a piece of lemon peel
Shake, strain, up, float lime wheel.
Large orange twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain over rocks, splash soda, garnish with an orange wedge.
Serve up.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Stir, strain, lowball, 1 large cube
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake it hard and double strain. Serve up in a coupe with an orange peel.
Shake ginger juice, rums, lime juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker until well chilled. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice and top with milk stout (or porter). Garnish with lime wheel and candied ginger, if desired.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a highball or similar with no ice, top with Angostura dashes and mint leaf.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Build over ice in mixing glass, shake for 15 seconds or stir for 30, strain & serve straight up. Your choice of garnish if any.
Stir, strain, chilled rocks glass w/ one large cube, garnish
Shake, strain into ice filled old fashioned glass,  brandied cherry garnish
Build neat in a lowball or whiskey glass. Spank and drop mint.
Shake gin, Meyer lemon juice, Meyer lemon zest, and Maraschino with ice; strain into a chilled Champagne flute with a Meyer lemon spiral at the bottom. Pour Champagne. Float Crème Yvette.
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Pour Becherovka over ice in a Collins, squeeze in lemon wedge, top with tonic.
Add all the ingredients to a mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Build in a mixing glass, reserving Aveze and peel.  Stir and strain into a rocks glass with large ice cube.  Float skinny quarter ounce of Avese and express and insert lemon pel.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake briefly with ice to integrate and pour into a hurricane glass, topping with crushed ice. Garnish with a mint spring and a lemon wheel, and spritz 151 over the drink. Serve with straw.
Combine ingredients, stir with ice, strain, then pour into chilled Old Fashioned glass. Express lemon zest on glass rim and on drink's suface, the drop lemon peel into drink.
Shake and strain into a rocks glass containing some ice cubes. Garnish with seasonal berries.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Dry shake all but OFW. Shake with ice. Strain, double old-fashioned, crushed ice, dash OFW on top.
Stir, strain.
Shake and strain.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe. Garnish with a lemon zest rosette.
Shake briskly, serve in Manhattan glass.
Add liquors and honey to a cocktail shaker and dry shake to incorporate the honey.  Add ice and shake till cold.  Rinse a chilled martini glass with absinthe, and then strain the contents of the shaker into the glass.  Squeeze out the juice of 1 lime wedge and discard, and drop in a fresh wedge
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with Ice & Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with a Lemon zest.
Stir, strain, neat, twist.
Shake with ice.
Stir with ice and strain; serve either up or in rocks glass with single large cube; garnish with lemon or orange twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine the grapefruit juice, vodka, and elderflower liqueur in cocktail shaker. Squeeze lemon wedge into shaker and then add wedge to mixture.
Shake hard over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  No garnish.
Place all into an iced mixing glass and stir
Stir calvados, apple wine, and bitters with ice for 30 seconds.  Strain into a Manhattan glass or coupe and garnish with cherry.
Stir, strain, up, flame, garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks glass, ice cylinder, express and drop in fat grapefruit peel.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker and shake with ice. Strain into an ice-filled glass and garnish with nutmeg.
Stir, strain, up, garnish w/ a brandied cherry
Stir, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up. Lemon twist garnish optional.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, goblet, twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a rocks glass, garnish with half lime shell and mint.
Shake with ice. Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with lemon wheel.
Muddle the peels of the lemons in a receptacle with raw sugar to create an oleo sacchrum. Add 8 oz boiling water and stir until dissolved
Shake, strain over crushed ice, add straws, float (or sink) Sorel, float bitters, garnish with a pinch of cinnamon and a lime wheel.
Shake on ice, strain into old fashioned glass with ice
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled wine glass.  Twist the lemon twist over surface and discard.
Shake, strain into a coupe rinsed with the flamed rosemary sprig, then douse it in the liquid and use as garnish.
Shake, strain into a punch glass with one piece of cracked ice, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Muddle, swizzle, top with bitters and mint sprig.
Shake, strain into a old fashioned glass.  Garnish with a lime wheel or twist, pineapple frond or wedge, cherry, etc.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, strain, martini, garnish
Shake, double strain, fresh cranberry garnish.
Muddle raspberries, twists, lemon in shaker. Add rest of ingredients except champagne. Shake, pour, top with champagne. Garnish with lemon wheel.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir everything and double strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients and strain into an old fashioned glass over ice. Drop lemon wheel into drink.
Shake with a few cubes, strain into a tall glass, top with crushed ice, garnish with an allspice-spritzed mint sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, double strain, rocks, ice, twist.
Shake, strain into a cocktail glass or coupe.  Garnish with lemon peel.
Swizzle on crushed ice, garnish with Urfa pepper and pistachios.
Combine salt water, rye, Cynar, and nocino in  a mixing glass, add ice and stir till chilled.  Strain into an Old Fashioned glass and garnish with the orange twist and a candied walnut.
Fill a saucepan about halfway up with water, and bring to a gentle boil. Whisk the egg yolk and all liquid ingredients except coffee in a heat-safe bowl above the boiling water,  whisking for two to three more minutes until the mixture thickens. Stir into coffee in an Irish coffee mug, and garnish with fresh grated nutmeg.
Combine all. Shake vigorously. Strain.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail
Stir strain and enjoy, in that order
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake well with ice, and strain. Serve down in chilled glass, either a small tumbler or a large shot glass (but sip it!).
Muddle cucumber with lime and simple in a shaker. Add gin, aperol, and ice; shake. Pour into a double old fashioned glass with ice. Top with club soda. Cucumber garnish.
Build in Collins glass; add ice; stir.  Float the .25 oz bitters on top of drink.
Shake with ice and pour into a rocks glass.
Shake (or stir), strain into a coupe or flute, top with sparkling wine, twist.
Pour soda into a collins glass. Shake Campari, juice, and simple and strain. Add cracked ice. Top with vermouth and garnish.
Combine in a mixing glass and fill with ice; stir well and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Twist a bit o’ lemon peel over the drink and discard, and garnish with a few pomegranate seeds.
Stir with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Build sill ingredients over ice in highball glass, stir well, top with seltzer, stir gently, garnish with lime wedge.
Shake. Strain into sour glass or coupe.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake and strain into an Old Fashioned glass over crushed ice, garnish with a mint sprig.
Stir with ice, strain into an old fashioned glass over a large ice cube, garnish with a twist of lemon.
Shake, strain, up. No garnish.
Place a large ice cube in an Old Fashioned glass.  Add liquid ingredients and stir until well chilled.
Stir, coupe, no garnish
Build liquor and bitters into 9oz old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Top with chinotto, squeeze lemon wedge into cocktail, and stir.
Stir with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Express oil from orange peel over the top of the drink.  Discard peel.
Stir, strain, up, chilled coupe, lemon twist
Buiid in order specified in collins glass over ice, dash absinthe over top, and add a slice of lemon for garnish.
Stir, strain, one big rock, lemon twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake fernet, gin, lemon juice and strawberry syrup with ice. Strain into coupe glass, top with champagne, cava or sparkling wine. Garnish with lemon peel.
Combine all ingredients, except beer, and stir with ice cubes. Strain into a rocks glass and fill with fresh ice. Top with beer, stir gently and garnish with fresh artichoke leaf (optional).
Muddle, shake, strain, rocks.
All ingredients into a cocktail shaker and throw between shakers. strain into rinsed coupe. Top up with processco, garnish.
Build in a ice-filled wine glass. Squeeze a lemon wedge/discard. Light stir and garnish with a Lemon wheel.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass, straight up, express, rest peel on rim
Stir, strain into old fashioned glass with a large cube or sphere. Garnish with orange peel, rubbed around the rim.
Shake without tonic water, strain, Collins glass, rocks, float tonic, garnish.
Shake until ice is slushy, Collins, additional crushed ice, heavy dashes of Peychaud's
Stir, rock, garnish.
Mix from tin to tin with ice, strain over ice, add soda & grapefruit peel
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Flamed orange peel garnish.
Stir & strain. Garnish with orange peel if desired.
Shake still ingredients, stain, rocks, top with seltzer, lowball.
Shake everything except the champagne with ice, strain into glass, finish with champagne or prosecco
Shake.  Strain.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon twist.
Add all ingredients into empty shaker, dry shake for 30 seconds, add ice, hard shake for 30 seconds. Fine strain into chilled coup glass. Garnish with orange twist
Stir and strain into an old-fashioned glass over a single large piece of ice.
Build over cubed ice in a Copa de Balon and garnish with fresh lemon zest
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Stir, strain over ice, or serve at room temperature.
Stir all but Fernet Branca on ice. Strain into chilled coupe rimmed with Fernet Branca (leaving excess). Garnish flamed orange twist.
Stir, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, coupe, top with Champagne, flamed orange twist.
Build over ice and garnish.
Muddle sugar with basil, mint and a little water.  Add ice, stir, strain, up or rocks
Shake, strain, garnish w/ orange peel
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir, strain, neat, twist.
Muddle the grapefruit peel with syrup. Add rest of ingredients and ice, stir, and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a fresh grapefruit twist.
Stir- Strain-Garnish
Shake with ice, pour into old fashioned glass with fresh ice.
Combine all ingredients and shake without ice in order to emulsify and introduce air (known as dry-shaking). Then add ice and shake as normal. Serve in a coupe and garnish with grated nutmeg.
Shake all except lager with ice. Strain into Old Fashioned glass (no ice). Add lager and stir gently to incorporate. Express lemon peel, swipe rim & drop in.
Stir well all in vessel containing espresso foam (make the shot(s) in something other than a demitasse) then shake on ice and strain in vessel of choice.
Stir with ice until very cold, and serve straight up with a lemon twist.
Shake and strain over ice. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary.
Muddle blackberries and pepper, shake, double strain, up, garnish with another blackberry.
Lemon twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain, flute.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist, garnish.
Stir (or shake), strain, straight up, coupe
Stir all ingredients together over ice. Serve straight up.
Add all ingredients to a mixing glass, and stir to decarbonate beer. Dry shake ingredients, then add ice and shake again. Strain into glass and garnish with grated nutmeg.
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Serve up.  Garnish with orange peel and/or Luxardo cherry.
Combine with ice, shake, strain, serve up in a coupe.
Stir, strain, up.
I think all of my drinks have been served 'up.' Build, ice, stir, strain, twist, connect. Try to notice the lemon oil swirling about the top!
Shake, strain over ice in rocks glass
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, large rock, flamed orange peel garnish.
Stir, strain into a coupe or over one large rock.
Stir and strain over ice. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir with ice, strain into glass (preferred over large ice cube).
Shake, strain, rocks, splash soda, garnish.
In a mixing glass half-filled with ice cubes, combine all of the ingredients. Stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled coupe. No garnish.
Pour stout into rocks glass. Dry shake rye with egg white, add crushed ice, then hard shake about 45 seconds.
In a blender, Flash blend/mix everything for 5 seconds. Pour unstrained into a tall glass or tiki mug and top with ice cubes. Garnish.
Fill an old-fashioned glass three-quarters full with ice.  Add the bourbon, grenadine, and bitters, and stir.  Garnish with the lemon peel.
In a cocktail shaker, add the Root, Rye, maple syrup and 6 drops of Bittercube Blackstrap Bitters. 
Stir w/ ice, strain, old-fashioned w/ rocks
Combine ingredients with ice, stir. Strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine and stir without ice.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass
In a cocktail shaker, add the scotch, root, maple syrup and bitters. Dry shake until well mixed; add ice and shake until chilled, strain and pour into a low ball glass with a king cube. Top off with club soda, and garnish with a cinnamon stick to complete
Shake all but cola, strain into a fizz glass, top with Coke.
Use Laphroaig to rinse a chilled old-fashioned glass. Do not discard. Stir other ingredients over ice and strain into glass.
Combine ingredients in a shaker tin with ice and add a small pinch activated charcoal.  Shake, fine strain through cheesecloth, chilled coupe, dried pear slice for garnish.
Shake, strain, highball, rocks, garnish.
Stir with ice. Strain into DOF glass containing a big block of clear ice. Lemon twist.
Muddle blackberries in simple syrup. Add the remaining ingredients. Shake with ice until frothy and icy cold. Double-strain through a fine mesh strainer over ice into an old-fashioned glass. Garnish with additional blackberries.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir; strain over big rock, garnish
Rinse an Old Fashioned glass with the liqueur. Over ice, stir remaining ingredients except garnish. Strain over a large cube into the rinsed glass, twist orange peel over, and drop into drink.
Shake with crushed ice, pour unstrained.
Muddle everything except whisky and club soda. Add whisky, shake, strain into a chilled glass. Top with soda if preferred.
STEP 1
Combine all. Shake. Strain. (Glassware: Old Fashioned / Ice: King cube / Garnish: Mint leaf on king cube)
Muddle, shake, double strain, rocks, garnish with a few more blackberries. Optionally, add a splash of soda.
Orange zest., Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake all ingredients over ice, double strain in chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with cherry tomato
Shake, strain, up. Garnish with lemon or lime wheel.
Shake  without ice, then with. Strain into a coupe glass.
Add ingredients to mixing glass with ice, stir and strain into glass, garnish with cherry and lemon twist.
Shake all ingredients, strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a lime twist or lime wheel.
Dash of Mole Bitters
Combine with ice, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, up, coupe or sour glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist and discard, crack cloves and place on ice cube.
Muddle pineapple with alcoholic ingredients, shake, strain into highball with ice, and top with soda. No garnish.
Shake / B&S glass
Stir with ice.
Shake briefly and strain over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake over ice, strain into a cocktail glass, drop small amount of raspberry syrup to settle on the bottom of the glass
Stir, strain, up, edible flower garnish.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain into a salt-rimmed rocks glass, garnish with a blood orange slice.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over a big rock, and float a halo of bitters.
Stir, strain into an appropriately gothic glass
Add everything to shaker, shake well, pour into glass with single large ice cube. Garnish with orange twist and a Luxardo Cherry.
Muddle, dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with another sage leaf.
Shake all the ingredients with ice, then strain into a coupe. Garnish with the cherry.
Stir with ice, strain into martini glass
Muddle berries, reserving a few slices for garnish. Shake all ingredients vigorously with ice, strain into a chilled glass, and garnish with strawberry.
Stir ingredients with ice; strain using julep strainer into coupe glass; enjoy; repeat until pipes are unfrozen
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir all ingredients (Including salt), strain, serve up. Garnish with a salt rim, ideally black salt flakes.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass
Shake, strain over crushed ice and soda in a hurricane glass, garnish with a broken paper parasol and an orange wheel.
Obtain two large metal mugs. In one, add Scotch and boiling water. Ignite the Scotch. Toss the hot mixture back and forth between the mugs a few times - it should look like you're pouring a liquid stream of fire. Extinguish the flames, add the sugar, stir to dissolve, pour into a tumbler. Add garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, collins glass, garnish.
Shake / Large Coupe
Muddle the apple slices, add the remaining ingredients and shake with ice. Double strain into a coupe, garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine ingredients in shaker. Add 4-5 milk ice cubes. Shake vigorously. Strain and pour into rocks glass. Garnish with cinnamon stick.
Combine all. Vigorously shake with ice. Strain. Dry shake. Strain.
Shake, strain, vessel of your choice.
Shake, strain, twist.
Combine ingredients over ice.  Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish and enjoy.
Shake, strain, up & garnish
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish.
Shake all ingredients except ale & strain over fresh ice into Collins glass. Top with ale.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Egg white and garnish are suggestions of Ted Haigh, not in the original.
Muddle Blueberries, lemon, simple syrup and Rhubarb tea.  Add ice and bitters, shake and then strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Top off with ginger beer.
Shake, strain, up, ignite Chartreuse in a glass and dash it onto the surface of the drink from above.
Muddle 5-10 blueberries in agave syrup. Combine ingredients in shaker and shake and strain on ice in a tumbler. Garnish with mint sprig.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a Collins, garnish, serve with straw.
Muddle the 1/4 of a nectarine (white) and the strawberry with the bitters. Add liquids and shake with ice. Double strain into a coupé.
Quick shake of all ingredients but soda and twist with ice. Pour over fresh ice in a rocks glass. Float with soda and garnish with twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle blueberries and vodka in a mixing glass; strain into a dry shaker (press out all liquid). Add lemon, honey syrup, liqueur and egg and dry shake for ~20 seconds. Add ice and shake until well chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe and garnish
Shake all but wine, strain into Champagne flute, top with sparkling wine.
Shake together (can dry shake first, or just with ice). Serve in martini or other classy glass
Muddle mint. Add ingredients, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up or one large rock, twist, garnish with a brandied cherry or a walnut.
Combine peels of 2 lemons with 3 tbsp of sugar to make an oleo-saccharum.  Add remaining ingredients, stir and top with Rose Champagne.  Flot an ice block in the punch bowl to keep cold.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Add liquids to an ice-filled mixing glass. Stir well for 30 seconds and double strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry and lemon twist. Spray absinthe into the glass over a flame to ignite.
Build and swizzle in a Collins or Pilsner glass over crushed ice, topping with bitters, nutmeg, and mint sprig.
Shake with ice, pour unstrained into a rocks glass rimmed with lime juice and spiced salt.
Pour the ice cold beer into a mason jar along with the whiskey and bitters. Stir gently. Drink.
Build in a shaker without tea. Shake, strain into collins glass.
Place an ice shard in a highball glass with at least 9-10 oz capacity. Add Michelada mix and lager. Add the other ingredients to a shaker, dry shake, add ice and shake again, and strain into the highball over the Michelada mixture. Garnish with an orange twist, three or four drops of Sriracha bitters, and coconut shavings. Serve with straw.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a cocktail glass, garnish with a light dusting of cayenne and piece of crystallized ginger.
Combine over ice in mixing glass, stir for 30 seconds, strain into chilled coupe.
Shake over ice. Strain into a Collins glass filled with ice and top with ginger beer. Garnish with lemon wheel.
Dry shake, shake, double strain, white wine glass.
Shake all ingredients except for Lambrusco with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Float the Lambrusco on top
Combine over ice in mixing glass, stir for 30 secs, strain into chilled coupe.
Straight with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Stir, strain onto one big rock, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Muddle raspberries, add ices & ingredients, shake, strain, straight up, coupe. Sub raspberry syrup for simple if fresh raspberries aren't available.
Shake gin, ginger syrup, lemon juice, and bitters with ice. Pour into tall glass and top with club soda.
Shake, stain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir. Serve up with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir, Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish
Muddle ginger and tamarind together in a shaker. Add liquid ingredients and shake with ice in batches. Strain into glasses and sprinkle with ground cardamom.
Shake well (20 seconds or more) and fine strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a cinnamon stick and a crown of mint leaves, dash bitters onto the mint, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir and Strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with flamed orange.
Mix, shake, drink, feel the burn
Stir & Strain, Coupe, Grapefruit Peel
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, Strain
Shake with ice and strain into glass. Lemon twist garnish.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir, strain, twist.
Shake with crushed ice and serve in a cored pineapple or large draft beer glass with pineapple garnish.
Build in a chilled pint glass. Garnish with a quarter grapefruit wheel.
Stir, rock, garnish with as many Luxardo cherries as possible.
Orange Zest, Stir, Rocks, Lowball
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Shake all but ale, strain, rocks. Top with IPA, garnish.
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled coup. Express lemon and orange peels, and garnish if desired.
Fill a mixing glass with ice. Add mead, lemon juice, and sparkling wine. Gently stir a couple times by dragging a barspoon up the sides of the glass so you don't kill the carbonation. Strain into a Champagne Flute. Garnish with Granny Smith apple slice and grated nutmeg.
Chill a rocks glass. Muddle citrus in mixing glass, add liquids, shake. Muddle cherries in service glass. Strain, garnish with extra cherry.
Stir, strain, goblet, twist.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, add ginger beer, strain over fresh ice in a Collins, grate fresh nutmeg over the top.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up or big rock. Alternatively, garnish with bitters.
Stir, strain, serve on a rock.
Stir, strain, serve neat, express and discard twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
So everything is necessary. Every least thing. This is the hard lesson. Nothing can be dispensed with. Nothing despised. Because the seams are hid from us, you see. The joinery. The way in which the world is made. We have no way to know what could be taken away. What omitted. We have no way to tell what might stand and what might fall. Grapefruit twist.
Shake the first 5. Add the ice. Shake again. Strain into a collins glass with ice. Top w/ club soda.
Stir until chilled, serve in cocktail glass, Optionally garnish with orange twist and slice of pineapple
Shake, strain, up or down as you prefer
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake and strain.
Shake well, serve up. No garnish.

Stir until salt is dissolved.
Muddle cranberries, add remaining ingredients with ice.  Shake, double strain, chilled cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, lowball, rocks, garnish
Shake, Strain, Up, Coupe.
Stir with ice, up, twist.
Stir, strain over rocks in a rocks or serve up.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, serve up... garnish with cherry or olive
Combine the first 3 ingredients with ice, stir and strain into a chilled coupe. Float Smith and Cross onto the surface of the drink. Lemon peel garnish.
Stir in ice, rinse chilled cocktail glass with Pernod and empty, strain into glass and serve.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir; strain; large rock; garnish.
Shake, strain into an old fashioned glass over one large rock, garnish with a pear fan.
Stir/strain/one giant rock/lemon zest
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker and fill it halfway with ice. Shake vigorously until chilled. Strain into chilled cocktail glass, top with bitters, garnish with lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up or rock.
In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine the bourbon, half-and-half, sugar, and vanilla extract. Shake well. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with the nutmeg.
Shake (gently) all but ginger beer with ice and strain into an old fashioned. Add a couple of ice cubes and top with ginger beer. Lemon twist.
Shake for one minute, strain, up.
Pare long ribbon of orange into ring of peel and place inside sugar-rimmed small wine glass, shake, strain, straight up.
Shake, double strain, Collins or Fizz, fill with soda, pouring from on high, and top with another splash of soda to cause the foam to lift.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake over ice. Highball glass.
Fill a mixing tin with a scoop of ice. Add lemon, lime, pomegranate juice and orange wedge, muddle a little bit.  Add Domaine and bourbon, shake vigorously.  Pour into a highball glass and top with ginger ale!
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain into a highball over ice, garnish.
Shake 1st three ingredients, strain into rocks glass brimming with crushed ice, top with Creme de Muir, garnish.
Muddle all ingredients in shaker, shake, strain into rocks glass with fresh ice.  Top with club soda if necessary.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled old fashioned glass over large square ice cube, garnish with orange twist.
Stir and strain into a double old-fashioned glass over a large hand cut ice cube. 
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle blackberries in liquid ingredients, shake, double strain over crushed or cracked ice, garnish with three more blueberries on a pick.
Dry shake. Add ice to tin, shake until tin is frosted. Strain into rocks glass full of crushed ice.
Shake, strain, hurricane or Collins glass, top with crushed ice, mint sprig, and orange slice.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Garnish.
Shake, strain into an 8 oz fizz glass, slowly top with soda while agitating to cause the foam to rise.
Pour over ice in a mixing glass // 
Muddle, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build over one big rock in a nutmeg sugar-rimmed glass and stir, adding in Champagne.
Moisten rim of coupe with lemon juice. Rim glass with sugar. Add a small lump of ice to the glass, and insert peel, which should protrude over the top of the glass. Stir the cognac, curacao and bitters together, and strain into the prepared glass.
Shake over ice, strain into a chilled Rocks glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake everything but the Champagne with ice and strain into a flute. Top with Champagne.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir in ice for 30 seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add peel.
Pour ingredients into shaker with ice, shake well, strain and garnish with lemon and blackberry
Shake, strain into a Champagne flute over bubbles.
In a brandy snifter, stir all ingredients without ice. As garnish, mist more Angostura over the top of the snifter and flame an orange peel.
Stir with ice and pour unstrained into a rocks glass. Garnish with a wide lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Mix in julep cup. Add plentiful crushed ice and garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Blend everything, including nutmeg, with two or three cubes of ice until smooth. Garnish with more nutmeg. Eat.
Shake and double strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with candied ginger.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish with eight Honey Nut Cheerios on a cocktail pick.
Fill an old fashioned glass with ice and a little absinthe. Swirl it a bit to coast, then empty the glass. Shake remaining ingredients except garnish over ice and strain. Express orange peel, wipe the rim and drop.
Method:  Place all ingredients into shaker with ice.  Shake vigorously.  Strain into Old Fashioned Glass over ice.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker and fill with ice. Shake to chill, strain into chilled glass and garnish.
Shake, fine strain over crushed ice, garnish with a cinnamon stick, a lime wheel, and candied ginger.
Stir whiskey, vermouth, and bitters with ice until well chilled.  Strain into Manhattan glass or coupe.  Express lemon oil onto the drink and rim the glass.
Stir and strain into a goblet.  Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir with ice, strain, serve up. Flame an orange peel over top and garnish with same.
Shake, Strain, Up
Stir, strain over one big rock, twists.
Shake without ginger beer, strain into an ice filled Collins glass.  Top with ginger beer and garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.
Shake, serve up in frisco or martini glass.  Garnish dried rosebud or petals (preferably small).
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a double rocks glass.
Stir and Strain in an iced filled high ball. Grapefruit twist.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake first 7 ingredients, strain into martini glass, float cab franc
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, cocktail glass, garnish with 9 drops of rose water. Makes two.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass. Add ice, stir, and strain into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with 3 cranberries.
Stir (or shake), strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, cocktail, garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed or pebble ice, garnish, serve with straws.
Shake briskly with big lumps of ice. Serve in cocktail glass.  Garnish with a dusting of  Ginger Powder.
Combine liquid ingredients in cocktail shaker with crushed ice. Shake vigorously and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Also look up Income Tax (or Bronx with Bitters), or use Punt e Mes. or use Carpano Antica
Dry shake, then shake with ice, strain into a coupe. Garnish with lime wheel.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake then strain over fresh ice into a rocks glass garnish with cherries.
Shake, strain, up, float the beer over the back of a spoon on top, New York Sour-style.
Build in an ice filled highball glass; add grapefruit soda and stir.  Top with a lemon slice
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a hibiscus blossom.
Stir with ice, strain, twist & garnish.
Spritz glass with Campari. Pour remaining ingredients over ice and stir. Strain into a cocktail glass, serve up.
Add all the ingredients to a shaker and fill with ice. Shake, and strain into a chilled coupe glass. Twist a piece of lemon peel over the top and drop into the drink.
Stir, strain, coupe, lemon twist.
Stir. Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with a Lemon twist.
Shake on ice, serve up in a cocktail glass
Dry shake, chill & strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with nutmeg & cinnamon.
Stir, strain, old fashioned, no ice.
Shake all ingredients with crushed ice, dump into a tulip glass, garnish with a mint sprig
Muddle one grapefruit peel with the simple in a mixing glass. Add the liquors and ice. Stir. Strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with the other grapefruit peel.
Dry shake rums, Averna, Benedictine, and egg, then shake with ice. Pour into glass containing 2 oz chocolate stout and top with bitters.
Stir/strain/rocks
Mix all liquid ingredients in a shaker with ice. Strain into a very cold coupe over ice. Garnish with lemon twist (and/or) maraschino cherry
Shake, strain, rocks, straws, lime wheel garnish.
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail
Build over ice in mixing glass, stir for 30 secs, strain into large coupe. Play with garnishes, I used pineapple but you could do differently.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice and soda, serve with straw.
Slowly pour the ingredients in the order listed into a champagne flute or wine glass.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled glass.
In a shaker, muddle the tomatoes, add the remaining ingredients and shake over ice for 10-15 seconds. Fine strain into a chilled glass and garnish with the basil leaf.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake, strain over ginger beer and ice, garnish with mint sprig and a few more dashes of bitters. Serve with straw.
Stir, strain into a glass spritzed with mushroom-infused absinthe.
Muddle the balsamic syrup, basil and sugar cube in a mixing tin. Add bourbon and ice and shake hard. Strain over fresh ice cubes into an Old Fashioned. Top with ginger beer and garnish with basil leaf.
Mix all in a Shaker and shake vigorously. Serve over ice in your favorite glass to put ice in.
Build in Flute or coupe.
Dry shake, shake, strain over soda.
Build in a highball over ice. Squeeze the lime wedge and drop it in. Give a quick stir and serve. Earl Grey Gin: steep a bag of Earl Grey tea in one cup of gin until infused to your taste, then strain. Note: blanching tea before infusing it removes many of the harsh tannins.
Build in Collins glass. Top with soda
Combine fluids over ice in mixing glass, stir for 30 secs, strain into coupe, garnish with lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up
Mix spirits and refrigerate; express grapefruit twist and discard
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, fine strain, express twist, pattern Angostura on the foam.
Stir over ice, strain over fresh ice, garnish with grated nutmeg
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice, coupé glass, skewer a lemon peel together with a rose petal for the garnish.
Dry shake, add ice, shake, strain, cocktail glass, dot top with bitters, garnish with twist

Stir, strain, up, flame and insert orange coin.
Stir the preserves in the liquids to break up the pectin, shake like hell to integrate, double strain, up.
Shake with ice and strain into a rocks glass.
Shake, strain, top with IPA to taste, stir.
Shake and pour unstrained into a double rocks glass.
Shake all ingredients (including ginger beer) and strain, garnish with candied ginger
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Combine gin, honey syrup and lime juice in a cocktail shaker and stir until honey is dissolved. Shake with ice and strain into a glass. Can be served up or over ice.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, flame grapefruit twist over top and discard
Combine all ingredients, shake.  Strain into rocks glass over fresh ice.  Garnish with an orange twist and star anise.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Add all ingredients (except soda) to a crushed ice-filled Collins glass and swizzle.  Top with soda water and stir.  Garnish with a lime wedge
Build on large ice cube.
Stir all ingredients with ice. Strain into coupe glass. No garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir and strain
Shake & strain, up. Garnish with cherry.
Stir all ingredients and strain into a coupe, garnish.
Combine all ingredients and shake well.
Combine in a shaker over ice.  Strain. Chilled coupe over ice.  Garnish with orange peel, expressed.
Combine and serve in a rocks glass neat; garnish. This is a room-temperature cocktail.
Stir, Strain, Cocktail Glass, garnish with a Maraschino cherry
Blend for 10 seconds, pour un-strained into a tiki mug or old fashioned glass, garnish with umbrella.
Build in a mixing glass, add large ice and stir, being mindful not to over stir the drink with all of its low proof ingredients.
Peel and slice 10 qucambers. Put in air tight jar, with 5 basil sprigs, gin and aperol for a couple of hours. Taste. Strain. Cut the lemons to cubes, muddle in large bowl. Add liquere, syrup, cucamber juice. Garnish with slices cucambers and basil leaves.
Shake, serve up
Shake; strain into chilled glass prepared with a cinnamon/sugar rim
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Rim glass with celery salt.  Serve with ice.  Garnished with a celery stalk and lime, pickles and olives on a skewer, and/or pickled asparagus.
Shake, strain, neat, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Squeeze lime wedges into low-ball glass and muddle with sugar until dissolved. Add cachaça. Stir.
Dry shake, add ice, shake again, double strain, up, garnish with bitters.
Shake and strain over the soda in a Collins or highball glass, and garnish with a swizzle stick.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist, serve with straws.
Shake and strain, garnish with lime wheel
Muddle passion fruit syrup and limes.  Add remaining ingredients and ice, shake and pour (don't strain) into an Old Fashioned glass.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a highball rimmed with cocoa powder, top with ginger beer, garnish with more powder.
Shake with ice, strain into coupe glass.   Float thin  lime slice wheel on top.
Shake, strain, up or rocks; if rocks, top with fruit.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up, lemon twist.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Shake lime juice, rum, and Campari with ice. Strain into ice-filled rocks glass. Top with grapefruit soda, stir gently and serve.
Muddle mint in lime juice and rum in the bottom of a cocktail shaker. Add Campari and ice and shake until well chilled. 
Orange wheel, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir all ingredients in an ice filled mixing glass for about 20 seconds then strain into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with the lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with chamomile blossoms.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake and strain.
Dry shake ingredients (except bitters) -- that is, shake the ingredients without ice (to foam them up) -- then shake with ice, strain into chilled coupe, garnish with bitters drops on top of foam
Swizzle with crushed ice in a tall thin glass until frost forms.
Ice, shake, strain, coupe.
Shake all ingredients with ice and fine strain into a chilled Martini glass. Garnish with lemon or orange twist.
Stir with ice, decant into chilled glass
Muddle, shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice, serve over large ice cube.
Dry shake for 10 seconds. Wet shake until cold. Strain into sherry glass. Garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled coupe, garnish with the orange twist
Shake in iced cocktail shaker. Garnish with lime wedge and cinnamon stick.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, Strain, Cocktail Glass, Garnish with Apple Slices
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Combine, dry shake, add ice, shake, strain. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir first three ingredients and strain into a chilled rocks glass, no rocks. Top with a foam made of Cointreau, lemon juice, and gelatin. Spray Angostura bitters on top through a stencil shaped like the Canon logo.
Stir, strain, garnish. For the garnish, cut a swath of orange peel, slit it down the middle and fit a thin strip of chile into the slit. It should just give a bare heat to the drink.
Muddle, shake, strain over ice in something tall, top with ginger beer, garnish with a fourth cuke slice.
Shake with ice, strain into a white wine glass filled with ice, add a splash of club and garnish with candied ginger cube.
Shake with ice, strain, garnish with nutmeg.
Stir/up/lemon twist
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Lightly press the sage leaves into the liquids, shake, strain over one big rock, garnish with two more sage leaves.
Stir over ice, serve straight up, no garnish.
Stir, strain, wineglass or cocktail, twist.
Muddle nectarine in a shaker. Add rum, lime, Cynar, and peach liqueur, then add ice. Shake, double-strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake somewhat casually and strain into a rocks glass containing fresh ice.
Add ingredients in a shaker
Shake, strain, coupe,
Build over large cubes of ice in a double old fashioned glass.
Shake, strain over rocks in a Collins, top with soda, garnish.
Blend at high speed for five seconds, and pour into a tall glass, topping with ice.
Muddle the large 1" pineapple wedges with falernum.  Add remaining ingredients, shake, fine strain, 2x rocks glass, crushed ice.  Garnish with a pineapple leaf and wedge.
Build over Ice
Combine, chill, carbonate
Shake with ice strain into a glass garnish with a lime wedge and cherry.
Stir and strain up into your glass
Shake, strain, on the rocks in lowball.
Blend at high speed for 5 seconds or under, pour unstrained into something tall and add ice to top. Garnish.
Build in a rocks glass and stir. Gently submerge a large ice object in there. Stir again.
Stir all ingredients gently with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a small lemon wheel on the rim, or a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with ice, strain into cocktail glass. If desired, garnish with lemon twist or wedge.
Shake, strain, chilled large cocktail glass, garnish.
In a julep cup lightly muddle the mint and syrup to release the oils. Top with crushed ice and pour over brandy and rye.  Stir until cup frosts.  Top with more crushed ice.  Garnish with a 'slapped' sprig of mint.
Shake in mixing tin, strain into chilled coupe, garnish with lemon peel.
Build in an old fashioned glass over one large rock, twist.
Dry shake egg white alone (and I do mean some serious shaking needs to be done here as the fat in the cream will actually quash some of the airiness of the frothy whites), a good 1-2 minutes is best.  Add remaining ingredients and shake another 45 to 60 seconds with ice to chill.  Double strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain in to a cocktail glass. Add a twist of lemon zest twist, rim and discard
Shake, strain, up. Optionally, garnish with rose petal(s).
Add all ingredients to an iced highball or Collins glass. Give a quick stir and top with the soda.
Stir, strain, up, garnish, smile.
Shaken, could use an orange peel.
Shake ingredients (except cava/sparking wine) and strain into champagne flute. Add cava and stir gently. Garnish with orange peel and 3 more drops of Cherry Bark Vanilla Bitters.
Muddle the grapes and leaf; stir and double strain into a chilled coupe; garnish with three more grapes on a cocktail pick.
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, orange flower water, garnish
Shake, strain
Stir over ice and strain into a glass.
Stir with ice and strain
Squeezed limes, Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Combine Barbancourt, Falernum, coconut water, guava juice (or nectar) and bitters with ice, shake and strain into an ice filled Tiki glass.  Top with Lemon Hart and garnish with a pineapple wedge and a cherry.
Shake with ice, strain into glass.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled coupe.  No garnish (or an orange twist).
Shake, strain, up.
Shake and strain over crushed ice, garnish with a lemon wedge and a blackberry.
Shake lazily, strain or don't, rocks, relax.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass (there should be some nice foam on top) and garnish with an orange wheel or peel.
Shake, strain, garnish
Shake, strain over ice and cider, top with grated nutmeg. Alternatively, serve hot.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned, no ice, twist.
Stir with ice. Strain into over cracked ice.
Shake, strain over ice in a highball, top with IPA, garnish with a dash of Angostura and a lime wheel, serve with straw.
Combine ingredients in a shaker and shake vigorously with cracked ice.  Strain into a coupe glass.
Shake on ice, strain, lime garnish
Shake, strain into a coupe, garnish with a wide lemon peel

Shake, strain into a rhubarb bitters- and orange flower water-rinsed glass.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a raspberry speared through a lime wheel.
Stir, strain, chilled coupe.
Muddle lime and mint in a highball until juicy and aromatic. Add syrup, rum and juice. Stir, add ice and stir some more. Top with soda and give a final stir. Suggested garnishes: Sugar cane stick, mint, candied ginger
Shake, strain, up.
Gently muddle mint, simple & lime; build; stir; smack and garnish
Stir, strain, rock.
Shake, strain, rocks
Make the spiced simple syrup: 1/2 cup water, 1/2 cup brown sugar, 1/4 tsp allspice, cloves, cardamom, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, ginger. (Reserve 1/2 tsp of the spice mix for garnish)
Add Maple syrup, Allspice Dram and Bitters in old fashioned glass. Swirl until blended. Add large cube of ice and pour over Chai Infused bourbon. Garnish with Orange twist.

In a flute, soak sugar cube in bitters, add chilled champagne, garnish.
Lightly press mint leaves in syrup, add other ingredients and crushed ice, stir gently, top with crushed ice, mint sprig, and lemon peel.
Shake first four ingredients, fine strain over Champagne in a flute, spritz rose water as garnish.
Muddle 2 slices of cucumber with the Frangelico. Add the rum and coconut water, stir with ice and fine strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a slice of cucumber.
Shake, strain into a flute, top, twist.
Choose a large tapering champagne cocktail glass; inside of this build a tower of 4 ice cubes, crown it with a lump of sugar saturated with 4 dashes of orange bitters.  Against the sides of the glass lean 2 sticks of ripe fresh pineapple, encircle the ice tower with a spiral of green lime peel, and fill with well chilled champagne, medium dry, and not too acid in type.  Now as the crowning gesture carefully float on 1 tbsp of Cointreau.
Mix all but Champage, strain, serve in Champagne flute or wine glass
Shake, straight, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake; strain; up; garnish with an edible flower.
Build in rocks glass over ice
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add the garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail, garnish
Flame 3 orange peels into old fashioned glass. Add other ingredients including orange twist. This is a room-temperature cocktail.
Stir? Serve in coupe with orange twist.
Srir with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with a lemon peel, expressed.
Add all ingredients into shaker, except the IPA. Add ice and shake. Strain into an ice-filled Collins glass, top with IPA and garnish.
Combine over ice, stir, strain into coupe glass. Express orange peel into drink and use as garnish. I've riffed it using Rye or Bourbon, and I've used grapefruit peel instead of orange as well. All good.
Stir (the original calls for shaking), strain, up, twist.
Shake & strain ingredients into a rocks glass over ice. Garnish with two moonshine cherries.
Combine all ingredients in shaker and fill 2/3s with ice. Shake and fine strain into martini glass.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine in highball filled with ice, top with club soda, stir to mix.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, Rocks, lowball
Shake, strain, up, lemon peel.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Combine in a Collins glass, fill w crushed ice, swizzle.
Shake with ice, strain into ice filled rocks glass. Garnish with lime wedge, add straw.
Shake, strain, rocks, top with bubbly, grate nutmeg on top.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge.
Rinse an Old Fashioned glass with Pernod, discard and set glass aside.  Combine remaining ingredients with ice and stir, strain into Old Fashioned glass.  Garnish with an orange peel.
Shake all but lime juice hard (you want lots of dilution, this is boozy), double strain, rocks, splash lime.
Shake vigorously with ice.
Stir with ice, top with ginger beer, garnish with wedge.
Dry shake; shake; strain into highball; top with soda and use extra soda to rinse the shaker, straining again into glass for more foam. Garnish with wide swath of lime zest.
Build in a highball glass over ice, stir lightly to integrate, garnish.
Stir and strain into a rocks glass containing a large ice object.
Stir, strain, coupe, nutmeg.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with two griottine cherries on a pick.
Muddle cherries, add liquids, shake and strain
Shake with ice and strain, with cherry garnish
Shake on ice, strain into vessel of choice, add cherry.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake and strain into glass.
Build in an ice filled rocks glass and stir.
Stir the first four ingredients and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Top with the prosecco.
Shake, finestrain into a tiki mug filled w. crushed ice 
Muddle 2 cherries in syrup, shake and strain over fresh pebble ice.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a flute.
Muddle cherries, add all but soda, shake, strain, highball, top with soda, stir gently.
Stir with ice, strain, over ice in rocks glass.
Build in a Pontarlier glass and top with crushed ice. Garnish with caraway seeds and serve with straws.
Stir, up, coupe. Discard peel after expressing.
Add shrub to collins glass, then fill with ice. Add rest of ingredients, top with seltzer, stir briefly.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, Collins over ice, top with soda, garnish.
Build in Collins over ice.
Muddle a cucumber slice in mixing glass. Add liquids. Add ice, and stir well. Strain into chilled coupe. Float cucumber wheel on top as garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, straight up, whatever garnish you feel appropriate.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish with an orange wedge, a plastic stirrer, and grated Valrhona chocolate.
Stir with ice, roll bitters in chilled snifter, strain into snifter, garnish.
Shake with ice, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon peel.
Shake with ice, strain into a coupe. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir all ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass for at least 30 seconds (longer=better). Strain into an OF glass with a large cube of ice. Garnish with a lemon peel and (optional) brandied cherry
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Build in lowball over ice, stir Scotch & Cynar, top with ale, stir gently, garnish with bitters
Stir, strain, up or old fashioned with no rock, optional grapefruit or lemon twist, expressed and discarded.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.  Lemon peel expressed and discarded.
Stir with a big ice cube in an Old Fashioned glass,  Express orange peel and drop in.
Up in a coupe/cocktail glass or over in a rocks glass
Combine lime peel, lime juice, ginger, sugar, and 30 mint leaves in mortar or medium bowl. Using pestle, muddler, or handle of wooden spoon, crush lime peel, ginger, and mint leaves together. Transfer mixture to large pitcher. Stir in rum. DO AHEAD. Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.
Stir, strain, up, coupe, garnish with grapefuit zest and a rose petal
Reserve 1 peel.  Add all other ingredients to mixing glass with ice & other 3 peels.  Stir & strain over big rock in double old fashioned glass.  Garnish with remaining peel.
Squeezed orange wedge, Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Stir, strain, rocks glass w/ one large cube, twist
Shake w/ ice in a Boston mixer. Garnish with a maraschino cherry (or three).
Pour ingredients into old fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. Stir gently.
Stir, strain, flame orange peel over top, add a dash of Christmas bitters to peel and drop in drink.
Shake, strain, lowball, rocks
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir, strain, flute, top with bubbly, drop in raspberry.
Shake on ice, strain in glass of choice.  Garnish with Candied Hibiscus Flower (from the jar that is the source of the Hibiscus Syrup!).
Chuck it all in your favorite rocks glass and give it a swirl, toss in two regular ice-cubes ... wait ... just a little longer until the cubes are half-gone - sip & savor
Rinse cocktail glass with Allspice Dram and drop a couple cherries at the bottom.
Blend with crushed ice for five seconds and then pour into a cocktail glass. Garnished with a spent lime shell, and a candy cane
Serve up with an orange twist.
Shake all ingredients save for the soda and pour into a Collins glass. Or, build directly in the glass.
Shake well over ice and serve straight up
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, single Old Fashioned glass, garnish
In a pint glass over ice, stir Averna and lemon juice. Add cider, stir gently, twist peel over top.
Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice and add the elderflower liqueur, gin, and lemon juice. Shake vigorously until the sides of the shaker are frosty, about 20 to 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon twist, and serve.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twists.
Light a cinnamon stick & allow smoke to fill a chilled coupe; extinguish.
Shake. Old Fashioned w/ice.  Apple slice garnish
Shake, fine strain, rocks, garnish with a third rosemary sprig and a lemon wheel.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add cider, bourbon, lemon juice, and ginger; shake to combine. Strain cocktail into 2 coupes. Garnish with apple slices.
Combine all in a shaker with ice. Shake and strain into coupe.
– Gently muddle the red bell-pepper and raspberries together into the mixing glass. 
Add orange wedges to a shaker and muddle. Add everything else and shake over ice. Strain into a double rocks glass over fresh crushed ice, garnish with an orange crescent.
Muddle fruit and pepper w lime juice.  
Muddle, shake, fine strain, up.
Stir and strain, or build. Squeeze one wedge and garnish with the other
Mix tequila, Cointreau, agave nectar and fresh lime juice in a shaker with ice. Pour into a margarita glass rimmed with salt. Pour the Chambord on top, so as to create a crimsonfloat. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Add everything to a mixing glass, then add ice. Stir and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a pepperoncino.
Shake, strain over ice in a highball, garnish with either a cherry or a grapefruit twist, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, snifter.
Shake with ice, strain into a highball glass over ice cubes
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, one large rock, twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, rocks glass. Garnish with a slice of orange.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir lightly, strain into coupe, squeeze lemon peel into the glass over a lit match
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Muddle sugar cube with bitters in the bottom of a mixing glass. Add rest. Stir well over ice. Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with cherry.
Shake, strain, rocks
Stir all ingredients with ice. Strain into chilled coupe glass.
Dry shake, shake hard with ice, fine strain into iced 2x rocks glass.  Thyme  sprig for garnish.
Shake and strain, serve up.  Depending which brand/style of syrup you use, you may need to use as little as a fat 1/4 ounce to balance the cocktail.
Shake with ice, strain into ice filled lowball.
Blend with half a cup of crushed ice. Pour into chilled DOF glass.
Shake, double strain over rocks glass with large cubes, microplane cinnamon over ice.
Shake with three ice cubes and strain over crushed ice in a hurricane glass. Garnish with a pandan leaf knotted around the glass, an ice shell, and an edible orchard. Serve with straw.
Combine all ingredients in mixing glass with ice. Strain into cocktail glass. Squeeze orange peel atop the drink and float peel on top.
Shake scotch, Mandarine Napoleon, lemon and pepper tincture; strain into a coupe, add dash bitters.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Blackberry garnish.
Stir. Strain into chilled coupe. small orange zest.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake, add ice, shake hard to incorporate egg whites. Strain into cocktail glass. A few raspberries on a pick as garnish is nice when in season.
Shake, strain into a julep cup over pebble ice, garnish with another orange peel.
Shake, strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a grapefruit twist
Shake, strain over crushed ice, float port, garnish with freshly grated cinnamon.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a fizz glass, top slowly with soda, serve with straw.
Put in mixing glass with fine ice and shake well. Strain into cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, serve up in cocktail glass.
Stir, strain into a rocks glass, no ice, optional scant black pepper garnish.
Stir, strain, chilled lowball, straight (no ice)
Stir, strain, straight up, rinsed cocktail glass, garnish
Blend everything for 5 seconds. Garnish w. cinnamon
Add ice to a rocks glass, build it in the glass, savor
Stir on ice. Up or on a big rock. Lemon Peel.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon zest twist.
Shake all ingredients, strain into an old fashioned glass filled with crushed ice.  Garnish with a mint sprig.
Build in glass with ice, stir.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir Campari, Cointreau and gin with ice, strain into champagne glass. Fill the rest of the glass with champagne or prosecco.
Shake, Collins, top with soda, garnish.
Shake, fine strain into a coupe or old fashioned glass.
Instructions
Build in glass; stir with ice; express and drop in twist.
Shake with ice, serve in tulip-shaped glass.
Muddle lemon wedges and mint leaves, add the rest of the ingredients and shake with ice, double strain over ice in a rocks glass, garnish with Cocoa Puffs and mint, serve with straws.
Build over ice in a highball.
Stir, strain into either a coupe, up, or an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with a lemon peel, expressed, if you like a lemon peel with your espresso (I don't).
Combine ingredients, dry shake for 10 seconds.  Add ice and shake vigorously, strain into a small goblet..  Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Brew 6 oz pour over coffee with 0.5 oz ground coffee, add other ingredients, stir.
Lightly muddle the lime peel and ginger slices in a rocks glass with the cognac. Fill glass half-way with ice. Stir well for 5 seconds. Add lemonade and cucumber peel. Stir well for another 5 seconds.
Shake, strain, ice-filled highball glass. Top with soda and garnish.
Pour sour ale and Coke into a coupe, dry shake and shake other ingredients and strain into coupe, garnishing with the bitters.
Combine liqueurs with coffee and top with whipped cream.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Frost ginger around the rim of the glass
Shake, strain over Champagne and ice, garnish.
Shake and strain, garnish with orange twist
Stir, strain over sparkling rosé in a flute, spritz. Rub a grapefruit peel along the stem and express the oils over the drink.
Dry shake for 10 seconds, then shake with ice for 15 seconds.  Strain, and top with fresh grated nutmeg and/or cinnamon.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain over ice in an Old Fashioned glass, twist the orange peel and drop it in.
Muddle raisins in syrup and juice, add bourbon and bitters, shake and strain into coupe.  Garnish with homemade or spherical maraschino cherry.
Shake all ingredients and double strain into a coupe glass
Stir, strain into rocks glass with large ice cube. Garnish with a cherry.
Shake, strain, top with Champagne, garnish with a blood orange wheel.
Combine in a mixing glass then add large ice cubes.  Stir then strain over large ice.  Garnish with an orange peel expressed and inserted.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over rocks and soda, garnish with apple, candied ginger, mint, and cherries.
Muddle cucumber and cilantro with syrup. Add lime juice, Gin and bitters. Shake, strain and top with club soda.
Stir, strain, up or one big rock, optional lemon twist.
Swizzle over crushed ice in a Collins, topping with more crushed ice and dashes of bitters.
Stir with a big lump of ice in a small highball or sour glass, top with squirt of soda and garnish with mint and a stick of ripe pineapple.
Shake in an ice filled cocktail shaker; strain into a chilled martini glass.  Garnish with a piece of fresh cucumber
Shake; strain. Cocktail glass. Grapefruit twist garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Build in a shaker, shake well and strain into a chilled, stemmed glass.  Garnish with a lime peel hanging on the rim.
Shake all ingredients, serve up, garnish with a grapefruit twist
Shake well and serve over big ice cube
Shake, coupe
Stir, then strain into a rocks glass over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with orange peel.
First muddle the 8 black peppercorns in the tin then shake and fine strain. Garnish with mint leaf and mini peg.
Stir bourbon and syrup/cordial in mug, top with coffee, stir, twist.
Stir all ingredients, Strain over fresh ice.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake all (incl basil) and double-strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, straigh, straight up or on the rocks, garnish
Shake all ingredients except Prosecco over ice. Strain ingredients in ice filled Collins glass and top with Prosecco. Garnish with lime twist.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Build, stir & pour over crushed ice in a highball glass. Garnish with wide orange twist. 
Garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, express and drop
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish tropically.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist an orange peel over the top and discard the peel.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, Strain and serve in a coupe. No Garnish.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, up.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass.
Stir with ice and strain into a chill glass
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Shake, strain, up or rocks.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir & strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Rim glass with peel before dropping in.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Build in a chilled pint glass. Garnish with a lemon wedge. Serve with straw.
Shake rye, Ramazzotti, lime juice, and ginger syrup with ice. Strain into a rocks glass with three cubes of ice. Drizzle balsamic over the top and garnish with cherries.
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass.
Build in an old-fashioned, stir with ice, garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist a lemon peel over the top and discard.
Long stir, strain, straight up, cocktails, express and discard twist, garnish with fresh twist.
Muddle one of the sprigs and vermouths in a mixing glass.  Add the gin and ice, stir well and strain into a martini glass.  Garnish with the remaining mint sprig.
Shake, strain, rock, garnish.
Stir all ingredients with ice. Strain into coupe glass. Garnish with an orange peel.
Stir, strain, garnish.
Blend until smooth and refrigerate at least four hours or overnight. Garnish with fresh-grated nutmeg or cinnamon and coconut shavings. For butter-washed rum: http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/january-2008-brown-buttered-rum
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Shake hard with 3 ice cubes until nearly gone. Strain over coup glass and garnish with a mint sprig.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake, strain, Collins, soda, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with a pinch of powdered cinnamon and a cinnamon stick.
Stir, strain, cocktail, garnish.
Muddle grapes, add everything else and shake with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with a single grape sliced midway and resting on rim.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add the garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe
Build on ice and stir.
Build over ice and stir. Garnish with a brandied cherry.
Stir, strain, rock or up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with lots of ice. Strain into a coupe then flame the grapefruit twist into it.
Shake ice, liquors and lemon juice until chilled. Strain into a chalice, float a lemon peel and add two dashes of bitters on top of the peel
Stir, Strain into cocktail glass.
In an eight ounce highball glass, put 1 or 2 ice cubes. Add lemon juice and Pernod, then top with Champagne. Stir.
Shake first four ingredients, strain, coupe, top with absinthe, twist.
Build in shaker the liquid ingredients, add ice, swirl slowly for 15 seconds - strain into coupe or martini glass - express lemon oils & garnish with the lemon peel
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass rinsed with absinthe
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine in mixing glass, stir for 37 seconds. strain into coupe, sip and be thankful.
Shake, strain, rocks, top with soda, garnish.
Stir with ice, Strain over BIG ice cube in old fashioned glass, Garnish with lemon peel
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish
Build in an ice-filled tiki mug. Swizzle and serve with the swizzle stick.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Garnish
Place the first four ingredients in an ice-filled highball glass. Fill with tonic. Lime wheel garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Stir with ice, up, garnish with the twist.
Shake, double strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir over ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist. Alternatively, pour into three shot glasses and shoot.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir over ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Discard lemon zest.
Shake and strain into chilled coupe, add the 3 drops of bitters on top.
Shake, strain, rock.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build, double rocks glass, crushed ice.  Swizzle till frost forms, garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Add all ingredients to a shaker, shake with ice and double strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a Peychauds Bitters Swirl
Briefly shake and pour over crushed ice in a julep cup. Garnish with a slapped mint bouquet, a slice of peach, and a couple of straws.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere.  Garnish with an orange peel, expressed.
Plant, grow, ferment, and distill eaux de vie from lemons, strawberries, and Douglas Fir on-site in the greenhouse on the terrace of your Brooklyn loft. (Must be on-site. Must be Brooklyn.) Sweeten the lemon eau de vie with fresh cane syrup. Infuse the strawberry eau de vie with squirrel (fresh only!). Combine. Hand craft a barrel out of staves rescued from your father's first yacht and age spirits in barrel for six weeks or until you've grown bored and moved on to your next artisanal project, whichever comes first. Empty barrel, and heart. Combine contents of barrel (but not heart) with handmade raspberry shrub (with raspberries plucked from your significant other's father's estate) and authentic Maraschino liqueur. In a mortar and pestle, mash with pickled cranberries overnight. Strain. Ferment in the gullet of a hoatzin, the Guyanese stink-bird (for that touch of Demerara smoke!).  Kill and gut bird; double strain. In Erlenmeyer flask, add tartaric acid (fresh squeezed only!) and Demerara syrup, then smash the flask over a rotary evaporator and evaporate its contents rotarily. Convert the remaining liquid into a spray and serve out of an atomizer inserted into the mouth of a grenadine-rinsed and hand-taxidermied squirrel (eastern gray only!). Splash Fernet Branca (or other difficult amaro) until fragrant. Serve up.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing tin. Shake, strain, serve in a coupe glass. Garnish with a lime wheel.
Crush coffee beans and shake with other ingredients. Fine strain into a Champagne flute. Express peel and garnish with twist and a third coffee bean.
Shake, strain, rocks, top.
Shake all but Chartreuse, strain, crushed ice filled lowball glass, add chartreuse to empty lime shell, ignite. Guest pours Chartreuse into cocktail at leisure.
Shake, double strain, chilled coupe, no garnish.
Muddle orange and cranberries; add other ingredients except cider and shake; double-strain into ice-filled Collins, top with hard cider, and garnish.
Shake all but Soda, serve on ice, top with soda, stir.
Stir, strain, up or rocks.
Stir, strain, orange peel garnish
Shaken, strain, low ball, rocks.
Stir with ice, then serve up in a coupe.  Garnish with an expressed lemon peel and discard.
Shake, strain
Muddle, stir, strain over crushed ice in a julep cup, garnish with basil.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up. Garnish with drops or a spritz of something aromatic: chamomile tea, Boker's, allspice dram, etc; optionally, add some grated lemon zest.
Rub mint along the inside of the serving glass to express the oil and discard. In mixing tin, muddle peach preserves or slice in honey, add other ingredients, shake, double strain, coupe, garnish with a single mint leaf.
Stir serve and serve up.
Take the peels from the lemons and muddle with the sugar for a minute or two until the sugar is moist. Add the juice from the lemons, add the soda water, and stir to dissolve. Add orgeat, and whisk hard "in order to whiten the composition". Add brandy, rum, and Maraschino. Strain into a punchbowl, and add Champagne, stirring in gently.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, up.
Stir; strain; up. Blood orange twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain over Kold Draft cubes and soda in a Collins, garnish with cucumber and/or mint.
Shake, dry shake, add sparkling wine, strain into a fizz glass.
Build over ice, lowball, don't stir.
Shake, strain into an old fashioned glass, top with crushed ice, garnish with a third cucumber slice and a celery seed or a fat pinch striped across the slice.
Build in tin, shake and strain into chilled cocktail coupe.
Combine ingredients in a mixer tin, shake vigorously with ice, and double-strain into a coupe glass half-rimmed with a mixture of sugar and salt (3:1).
Build in a mixing glass, add large ice cubes,
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, crushed ice, tumbler, garnish with apple fan.
Shake with ice. Garnish with...bartender's choice.
Shake, strain, rocks, top with Coke.
Pour 1 ounce of sparkling wine into a champagne glass. Soak the sugar cube with bitters and place in glass. Add rest of sparkling wine to fill. Add Campari and twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, express peels.
Shake first four ingredients, strain into collins glass with cracked ice, top with cola. Garnish with lime wedge and serve with a straw.
Shake the first three ingredients with ice. Strain into an ice-filled glass and top with Coca-Cola. Add a mint sprig as a garnish and serve with straws.
Stir all ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled rocks glass filled with one giant ice chunk. Garnish with orange zest and brandied cherry resting on the top of the glass.
Stir, strain over rocks and bubbles in a highball, stir, garnish, serve with straw.
Combine first three ingredients in a Collins glass.  Fill with ice and stir to chill.  Top with ice.  Top with cucumber soda.  Carefully stir to mix.  Garnish with a sprig of basil.
Vigorously shake all the ingredients with ice (the ice and shaking will muddle the cucumbers for you). Double strain into a tall glass, fill with crushed ice, top with soda water and stir gently. Garnish with a cucumber slice, lime wedge or both.
Shake, pour unstrained into a rocks glass.
Add Cynar and Amaro to an ice filled tall glass (~16oz).  Top with ginger beer, gently stir, and garnish with bitters
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Muddle cucumbers in shaker.  Pour gin, liqueurs, syrup and lemon juice into shaker.  Add ice and shake vigorously.  Strain into ice-filled pitcher. Stir in thin cucumbers, lemon and lavender.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake and double-strain into coupe. Garnish with lime wheel.
Shake and strain. No garnish
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Float champagne on top. Garnish with maraschino cherry.
Prepare like an old fashioned. Muddle the sugar cube with the Fernet in a chilled old fashioned glass. Press out the oils on the grapefruit zest with your muddler. Add the rum, tequila and Chase Elderflower liqueur. Add ice. Stir well.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, straight up.
Muddle cilantro lightly in the lime juice. Add ice, syrup, rum, and kummel. Shake, fine strain into glass with more ice. Top with ginger ale, garnish with additional lime wedge and cilantro sprig.
Shake all ingredients but Cherry Heering with ice and double strain into a coupe. Swizzle Cherry Heering to the bottom of the glass.
Shake with shaved or crushed ice and garnish with fruits as you see fit. Serve with a straw.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, cherry garnish
Stir over ice, strain and garnish wth orange twist
Shake, strain, up or rocks, lime wedge garnish.
Shake, cocktail coupe, garnish with lime twist
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, up.
Heat the cider (about 40 secs in a microwave) in a London dock glass.  Add the other ingredients and stir.
Shake on ice, strain into vessel of choice; place in freezer for 16 minutes.  Enjoy as a Martian would!
Shake, strain into kirschwasser-washed highball glass, garnish with grapefruit peel.
Pour Cynar into an ice-filled collins or double rocks glass, stir, add Cola, stir lightly.  Rub lemon wedge around the rim of the glass, squeeze and drop into the glass.
Stir with crushed ice in julep cup until frost forms, garnish to cover top of cup entirely.
Stir liqueurs with ice, pour into flute and add a like volume of wine.
Shake; strain; up.
Stir with ice, strain into glass.
Shake, strain, up. Garnish with cherry.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Shake and strain into a chilled coupe or snifter.  Garnish with cucumber slices and orange zest.
Stir, strain, Collins, top with soda, twist.
Shake all but Fernet. Double-strain into Fernet-rinsed coupe. Garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, coupe, express and garnish
Stir, strain, rocks.
Hard shake all ingredients and fine strain into a large coupe.  Top with champagne and slap a leaf of mint for garnish
Build over ice.
Shake, strain, chilled coupe.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, up.
Shake, strain over club soda and ice in a highball, stir, garnish with skewered candied ginger slices and lime wheel.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
On the rocks
Combine all ingredients except the creole bitters and lime wheel to a mixing tin without ice. Dry shake to emulsify egg. Add ice to shaker and shake thoroughly. Strain into chilled martini glass. Drop a couple drops of creole bitters on foam and drag across foam. Place lime wheel on rim of glass.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Shake, double strain over ice in a Collins or pilsner, garnish, serve with straw.
Muddle 2 lemon wheels with bitters, shake all but amaro, double strain, iced double old fashioned, float amaro, garnish
Stir, strain, rock.
Stir all ingredients over ice until the desired dilution and temperature occur.  Strain straight away into a chilled coupe and garnish with a lemon zest.  Don't be gentle with the lemon's flesh, so as to keep things rustic.
Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice and shake until cold. Strain into a glass, then garnish with mint
Shake with crushed ice. Pour unstrained into DOF glass. or Shake with crushed ice in sealed jam jar.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Rinse coupe or rocks glass with absinthe. Shake, double strain, and serve up. Express lemon oil over surface and discard the peel.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Add Damiana and Cocchi to a Collins glass, top with crushed ice and Champagne, float bitters, garnish, serve with straw.
In a sauce pan add water, lemon juice and ginger syrup and simmer till piping hot.  Stir in scotch and allspice dram and pour into a pre-heated mug.  Garnish with an orange peel.
Shake and strain into a crushed ice-filled rocks glass.
Shake all ingredients and fine strain into a champagne flute.  Garnish with a lemon twist
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain into cocktail coupe, flower garnish
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, serve up, garnish with a cherry
Stir and strain into a rocks glass containing a large rock. Orange peel garnish.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, garnish.
Take half a lemon and quarter it - put in tin. Add half-dozen or so mint leaves and simple syrup to tin and muddle.
Shake (or preferably stir), strain, up.
Stir. Strain. Nick and Nora glass. Express oils of an orange peel.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine, ice, stir,strain, coupe.  No garnish.
Gently muddle mint, add ingredients, dry shake, add ice shake.
Stir all except bitters with ice. Garnish with orange peel. 1 drop of lemon bitters on top.
Shake and double strain into chilled coupe/tte
Build all but soda in highball, stir, top with soda, stir gently, garnish.
Stir and strain into a rocks glass. Express the orange oil over the top.
Stir; strain; coupe.
Shake, strain, chilled cocktail.
Stir, strain, up, cocktail glass, garnish with flamed orange peel
Shake (not including the champagne) with ice, poor into champagne flute, top with champagne (3 oz is a guess, probably is less).  Toast the new year
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with an orange peel, expressed.
Stir with ice, strain into coupe, twist.
Blend for 5 1-seconed pulses and pour unstrained into a 12-oz hurricane glass.
Build, rocks, highball, squeeze lime and drop into glass.
Shake, strain into a Collins over crushed ice. Top with root beer, and gently stir in.
Combine all except ale. Shake. Strain into ice filled rocks glass. Top with ale.
Stir, strain into an appropriately intimidating glass
Combine syrup, rum, and bitters in highball filled with ice, top off with ginger beer. Squeeze lime wedge into drink, drop spent wedge into glass. Stir and serve.
Shake all ingredients, aside from the rinse. Strain into a Campari-rinsed coupe.
Shake, pour into a highball over ice, garnish with lemon wedge, serve with straw.
Combine ingreidients in a mixing 
Stir on ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish cherry.
Stir all ingredients with ice and pour into old fashioned glass. Garnish with orange peel or one drop of orange essential oil if no orange in your fridge.
Stir, strain.  Garnish with spiced brandied sour cherries or a lime twist and whole star anise.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine all ingredients.  Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.  Date skewered onto a rosemary sprig as a garnish.
Build in an absinthe glass, stir with pebble ice, top with more pebble ice, and garnish with cacao nibs and star anise.
Combine all ingredients and shake vigorously. Strain into a frozen sour glass and garnish.  Garnish with lime wheel.
Build in an ice-filled Collins glass.  Add the slapped mint and slice of cucumber as garnish
Combine all ingredients in shaker with ice. Shake, strain into coup or martini glass. Double strain if using fresh grapefruit juice.
Stir in glass with ice.  Strain into 4.5 oz coupe.  Garnish with swath of orange peel
Muddle tomatoes w/ salt. Fine strain and collect 1oz of liquid. Add other ingredients
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, up, optional grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
In a flute glass add absinthe, swirl and discard.  Place in sugar cube, top with bitters, then add cognac and fill glass with champagne.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a wine goblet, garnish with nutmeg.
Stir, strain, up, cherry.
Shake and strain.
Combine all ingredients.  Dry shake, then add ice.  Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.  Finish with a 3 second Angostura Flame.
Build over crushed ice (preferably in a copper mug), stirring or swizzling, and top with more crushed ice and ginger beer.
Combine all but soda and garnishes in shaker.  Shake, strain into tiki mug full of crushed ice; add soda.  Garnish with mint leaves.
Shake with ice, strain into coupe, add orange twist.
Shake vigorously into chilled cocktail glas.
Stir until well-chilled: Death's Door White Whisky, Imbue Petal & Thorn, Cocchi Americano, and bitters.  Strain into chilled coupe.  Float 2 barspoons of Contratto Fernet.
Shake/Strain/Rocks
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with a pair of lips cut out of a grapefruit peel and rested on the side of the glass.
Dry shake all ingredients (make sure to keep a really tight seal when shaking due to the beer), shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail coupe.  Optionally garnish with dark chocolate gratings or a pinch of dark cocoa powder
Stir, strain, DOF. Large ice. Garnish with twists.
Shake without Champagne, strain, coupe or flute.  Top with Champagne, garnish.
Stir, strain, chilled coupe, garnish.
Shake, double strain, up, pecan sandie or praline garnish.
Shake vigorously; strain; up, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, lemon twist.
Muddle lime peel in lime juice, fill a Collins with crushed ice, add Angostura, lime juice/peel, and Genever, stir. Or, in Baker-ese: "Take a tall thin water tumbler and fill it with finely cracked ice.  Lace this broken debris with 4 good purple splashes of Angostura, add the juice and crushed peel of 1 green lime, and fill glass almost full with Holland gin."
Shake, strain, up.
Shake all except absinthe over ice and strain into a chilled coupe glass. Float absinthe on top.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass. Optional lemon peel garnish.
Shake and pour.
Shake, strain, serve up, garnished with strip of lemon zest.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up and garnish
Dry shake, shake, strain into a wine glass, garnish with fresh-grated nutmeg.
Dry shake first four ingredients, add eggwhite and ice, then shake.  Grate cinnamon over the top.
Stir, strain over ice in old fashioned glass, orange peel garnish
Shake and strain into glass
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Muddle fruit and honey syrup, add remaining ingredients.  Shake, fine strain, crushed ice goblet, wine or Collins glass.  Garnish with mint and more fruit.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir and strain.
Stir; strain; one big rock.

Dry shake.  Shake.  Strain into a tall glass and top with soda water.  Garnish with an apple wheel.
Dry shake all but nutmeg, shake with ice, strain into punch glass, one large cracked ice cube, garnish with nutmeg
Stir. Strain into a double old fashioned over ice. Garnish with thin red apple slice.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass; garnish with a single mint leaf.
Muddle the slice of tangerine (peeled) with the sugar and absinthe in a Collins glass. Add remaining ingredients – except the club soda – and stir a few times. Add the ice, top with the soda, express the peel.
Shake everything except the 151, strain into a double old fashioned over crushed ice, float 151.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir all ingredients in an ice filled glass and strain into an OF glass with a large cube

Stir, Strain, rocks glass with fresh ice, orange twist
Stir in a Collins glass with crushed ice.
Add everything to an ice filled shaker and then shake like you want the minions of hell to break loose from their fiery (icy) prisons. Double strain into a coupe.

Stir. strain into double old fashioned over 1 large cube. zest orange swath.
Mix all in an ice filled highball glass, stir, garnish with a lemon wedge and enjoy.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Build in a highball full of ice. Top with soda. Stir to mix. Garnish with a long lemon twist or lime wheel.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine, add ice, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass or coupe.  Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake with ice. Serve straight up or on the rocks.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon peel
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake & strain into a Collins glass over ice. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with lime wheel.
Shake, strain, up
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, neat.
Shake, strain, up.
Add all ingredients into a shaker with ice, shake vigorously.  Double-strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Shake gin, Cherry Heering, and juice with ice before pouring into a highball. Top with ginger ale.
Stir without ice and serve in a tasting glass or goblet.
Shake all ingredients well with ice and strain into a bottle or glass.
Stir, strain, up. Garnish with thin slice of lemon.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with ice and strain over one big rock in a double old-fashioned glass. Float Walnut liqueur. Garnish with speared candied ginger.
Stir with ice. Strain into cocktail glass and garnish with a flamed orange twist.
Shake, strain, straight up or on the rocks
Reserve 1 oz. IPA. Briefly dry shake remaining liquids to flatten beer. Shake again with ice, strain into old fashioned glass. Top with reserved IPA and enough ice cubes to fill, then garnish.
Stir & serve up, or build over big rock.
Stir, strain, up, cocktail glass.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe, garnish with an orange twist
Shake first 3 ingredients, fine strain into collins glass, top with 2-3 oz ginger ale (original) or beer, garnish
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, Nick and Nora glass.
Shake (not the champagne or garnish), poor into a champagne flute, top with champagne, garnish
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Mix, then shake with ice to emulsify the oil and other ingredients. Tall glass with ice.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir/Strain/Up. Twist lemon zest over top and discard. Garnish with sprig of fresh thyme.
Dry shake, shake, double strain into an old fashioned (no ice), twist, garnish.
Shake, double strain into a coupe, garnish by rimming a portion of the glass with salt.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake all with ice, double strain into chilled coupe. Clip additional sprig of dill to glass as garnish.
Shake all ingredients over ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir with ice.  Strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with cherry and lemon twist.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail (coupe) glass
Combine ingredients in a glass or shaker with ice, stir until cold, strain into coupe or martini glass.  Garnish with a sprig of dill, slice of pickle
Shake, strain, old fashioned glass, cherry/lime wedge garnish
Shake, strain, rocks, top with soda, garnish.
Build it, ice it, stir it, strain it in a coupe - add a cherry. Do you agree?
Build in an ice-filled rocks glass and stir.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe
Add ice and stir 30 seconds. Serve in a chilled small coupe glass.
Stir with ice & Strain into a rock glass
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Shake with ice. Pour into martini glass
Shake/strain/up/cherry garnish
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, cocktail, express grapefruit peel and discard.
Place the orange slices in the shaker and gently mash with a muddler or wooden spoon. Add the remaining ingredients and fill with ice cubes; shake until chilled, about 10 seconds. Fine-strain into a rocks glass filled with fresh ice; garnish.
Shake, strain, up
Add everything over crushed ice in a shaker. Cut lime in half, juice it into the shaker, drop in shells. Shake and pour unstrained into a 12 ounce chimney glass. Top with club soda.
Assemble without adding ice and chill in the freezer before service. Serve up. Express twist.
Shake all ingredients vigorously, and strain into Nick & Nora glass; ungarnished.
Combine all liquors in mixing glass.  Fill 3/4 with ice, stir for 20 seconds.  Strain into chilled coupe.  Express lemon peel above glass, gently wipe rim and stem with spent peel.  Twist and use for garnish.
Shake everything except soda, pour unstrained into a pilsner glass. Add soda and stir to combine.
Stir without ice, shoot. Alternatively, stir over ice and sip.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into rocks glass (or stemless wine glass) over large ice. Garnish with Grapefruit Twist.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish. Roll the sprig between your fingers to wake it up.
Mix in a tumbler full of ice, enjoy!
Stir over ice then strain into prechilled double old fashioned. Garnish
Stir over ice then strain into rinsed and prechilled coupe. Garnish
Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass or over ice in rocks glass. Garnish with orange.
Stir all ingredients and strain up in a coupe.
Lemon Twist (discard after twisting).
Shake over ice then serve in a collins over freshly cracked ice. Garnish
Shake and dump into double old fashioned. Float Lillet Blanc
Stir over ice and strain into prechilled coupe. Garnish
Shake, strain over tonic on a rock.
Put all ingredients except club soda in a shaker with lots of ice. Shake until ice cold. serve in a martini glass. Top with soda.
Build in rocks glass over a rock and garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, cocktail
Stir and strain
Add all ingredients apart from Rum into a mixing glass, shake and strain into a highball. Add crushed ice and float Appleton's 12yo.
Combine tequila, st. Germain, lemon juice and bitters into mixing glass. Shake. Pour over clean ice into Collins glass lined with lemon wheels. Top with grapefruit radler.
Shake, pour unstrained into a tall glass, top with more crushed ice.
Lemon Twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir over ice for 30 seconds; strain into chilled cocktail glass; garnish with orange peel.
Shake, strain, garnish
Shake tequila, (Use half a grapefruit and half a lime) grapefruit juice, lime juice, simple syrup and bitters with ice. Pour into tall glass and top with club soda.  Splash with Grand Marnier and top with Citrus Wedge
Shake/stir, up.
Shake with ice and double strain into a coupe glass.
Dry shake without ice. then with ice. Strain into chilled rocks glass and top with celery bitters.
Combine all ingredients and shake with ice until well chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with mint sprig.
Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass, and garnish with a lime wedge.
Combine the gin, absinthe, and bitters into an ice-filled mixer, shake until cold. Strain into a cold Old Fashion glass. Express the oils from the orange and lemon peels, and drop peels in glass. Add a large ice cube if desired..
Shake, strain into a coupe. No garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a DOF glass containing a large chunk of ice.
Shake three times quickly, strain over fresh ice in a rocks glass, garnish.
Build and stir with crushed ice in julep cup. Float rum and garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a salt-rimmed Collins glass filled with ice. Top with ~2 oz soda water and garnish with a 3-inch swath of grapefruit peel.
Shake, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Combine ingredients in a mixing glass and stir with ice until chilled. Strain into a cocktail glass.
Mixing-​glass half-​full fine ice, two dashes Angostura bitters, two dashes orange bitters, one- third jigger French vermouth, one-​third jigger Italian vermouth, one-​third jigger whiskey. Mix and strain into cocktail-​glass.
Shake & strain into a martini glass.
Dry shake, add ice and shake hard for 30 seconds. Garnish with dashes of Peychaud's
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Garnish with a flamed orange twist.
Muddle ginger and agave. Add ice, lemon juice and mezcal. Stir. Double strain over spherical ice cube in an old fashioned glass.
Shake with ice, strain into old fashioned glass.
Shake with ice; serve in a rocks glass with fresh ice or over a rock.
Stir with ice, serve up with expressed lemon twist
Shake, strain, rocks, float lime wheel.
Agave nectar and pinch of truffle salt in bottom of glass. 
Shake, strain, Collins glass, rocks, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into an old fashioned glass
Build in a glass over cracked or crushed, including the shells of the spent limes, and top with soda.
Shake, strain into a hurricane glass over crushed ice, float, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, up  ~ in coupe
Stir, strain, up, coupe.
Shake all ingredients but peel over ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with grapefruit peel.
Shake, strain, up
Muddle mint with syrup, add rest, shake, double strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish with spanked mint.
Stir all ingredients over ice the add champage
Stir with ice and strain into a glass. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, lowball, rocks
Shake, strain, lemon twist garnish
Shake, strain, up. Garnish with orange or lemon twist.
Build in a mixing glass, add ice and stir.  Strain into a chilled, stemmed glass
Pour ingredients into a mixing glass.  Add ice and stir 30 seconds.  Strain into a chilled martini or coupe glass.  Twist orange and add to drink.
Stir, strain over one rock in an absinthe-rinsed glass.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a spritz of Angostura Bitters over the top.
Shake, pour unstrained into a rocks glass, garnish with a mint sprig and a zig zag orange peel.
Combine scotches and sherry and stir.  Strain into chilled coupe glass. Garnish with cherry.
Stir. Serve up. Garnish. Smile.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, stain, cocktail glass, express and drop lemon.
Build in a shaker, mime shake to whip the yolk. Add ice. Shake vigorously. Strain into a coupe glass.
Dry shake (including grapefruit peel), shake, double strain, up, garnish with grated cinnamon.
Stir all ingredients except Smith & Cross and strain into a chilled coupe glass. 
Rinse a chilled rocks glass with absinthe. Stir remaining ingredients. Strain into prepared glass with fresh ice and garnish.
Shake, strain over fresh ice in a Collins, top with ginger ale, garnish with apple fan.
Stir congac, amaro, vermouth, and orange bitters with ice.
Add all the ingredients except the lemon peel to a chilled mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass no larger than 4.5 ounces. Twist the lemon peel over the drink and then discard it.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir. Strain into a chilled glas.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, wine glass, garnish. Or build if ingredients are already chilled.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice. Garnish with a toasted hazelnut or two, if ya got 'em.
Shake, strain into a Collins glass over crushed ice. Top with bitters. Garnish with a pineapple wedge.

Build in pint glass, top with beer, stir gently.
Shake all (except Peychaud's) with ice. Strain into cocktail glass.  Float Peychaud's.
Shake all ingredients (except beer and mezcal) without ice and strain into an ice filled glass rimmed with one part orange zest, one part salt and a half part black pepper. Top with beer and float the mezcal.
Shake with ice, strain into coupe glass and garnish with dusting of cinnamon over drink.

Shake, strain, cocktail glass.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, add genever, lemon juice, pineapple juice, orgeat, and Angostura. Shake well until very cold. Strain into 6-ounce glass and serve immediately.
Method: Put all ingredients into glass shaker.  Stir 40 revolutions.  Strain into Coupe.  Serve Up.
Stir with ice, strain into chilled old fashioned glass. Garnish with lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up, top with sparkling wine.
Build in mixing glass over ice, shake for 30 seconds, strain into coupe.
Swizzle with crushed ice in a wine glass, top with club soda, garnish, serve with straw.
Stir with ice and strain. Olive optional.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a chilled coupe
Shake hard 10 seconds, strain, straight up, cocktail glass half-rimmed with sugar, garnish
Combine all ingredients in a pint glass with ice.  Cover and shake vigorously for 15 to 20 seconds.  Strain into a chilled Old Fashioned glass with large ice cubes.  Garnish with a maple bacon strip.
Stir and strain
Stir with ice, strain, serve
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass, add ice, stir for 30 revolutions. Strain into a double old fashioned glass over a large block of ice. Garnish with an orange twist.
Build in a shaker, muddle cherry, shake well.  Strain into a chilled stemmed glass rinsed with coffee liqueur.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an edible flower, if available.
Stir, strain, up, chilled coupe.
Shake ingredients with ice and strain into a coupe. Garnish with lime (optional).
Shake, strain, rocks, highball, garnish
Combine, dry shake, then shake with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with grated cinnamon (optional).
Stir, strain, 1 large ice cube, orange twist
Add all ingredients, muddle then shake with ice, Strain into glass.
Shake, strain, up
Chill a cocktail glass. Stir over ice and strain into chilled glass. Garnish with an olive or cherry and a lemon twist.
Stir & strain into a coupe -no garnish.
Add all ingredients to a Collins glass. Slowly add crushed ice and swizzle until a frost forms on the outside of the glass. Add more crushed ice to fill, top with Angostura and add cinnamon stick and edible orchid (if using).
Muddle cucumber and mint; add liquids and ice, shake and strain
Stir with ice until well chilled, strain into an old fashioned glass over a small cube of ice
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Muddle the cucumber, add all ingredients, shake with ice and double strain into a coupe. Garnish with a sprig of mint.
Combine, add ice, stir and strain into a chilled coupe or an Old Fashioned glass.  Express lemon peel, rub around rim and drop into cocktail.  May also be served over one large ice cube if you so desire.
Add all but soda to a shaker. Dry shake vigorously, then shake with ice. Pour into a medium water glass, and top with soda.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake all ingredients over ice. Strain into an ice-filled whiskey sour glass. Garnish with part of a spent lime shell.
Combine all ingredients in mixing glass and stir.  I actually prefer this citrus drink stirred is has a richer body.  Strain over large ice chunk in rocks glass.
Muddle, shake, strain into Collins, top with soda.
Muddle ginger in the base of shaker. Add honey and the tequila. Stir until honey is dissolved. Add the lime juice and shake with ice. Fine strain into chilled cocktail glass and garnish with an orange zest twist.
Shake all ingredients with ice; double strain into chilled coupe. Express lemon oil over the surface of the drink.
Shake, strain, vida-rinsed coupe, lemon twist
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Float a dash of allspice dram and garnish with a fennel frond if available.
Build in an old fashioned glass with a large cube of ice and garnish with freshly ground cinnamon.
Stir, strain, rocks, lowball. Top with soda water.
Muddle kiwi, add remaining ingredients, shake and fine strain into a coupe.
Shake all ingredients except soda water in a cocktail shaker, double strain into a highball over ice and top with soda. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a pinch of kosher salt.
Build in an ice-filled rocks glass, stir.
Stirred, garnished with heavy orange oil and a pigtail twist.
Blend eggs in blender 1 min / medium. Slowly add sugar & blend 1 more minute. Add other ingredient. Blend. Chill. Serve in chilled flute. Garnish with fresh nutmet.
1. Crack the eggs, and separate the yolk from the whites. Store the whites for another time, or save them for when you serve it, beat the whites into moderately stiff peaks and fold into the egg nog. .
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Beat eggs in blender for one minute on medium speed. Slowly add sugar and blend for one additional minute. With blender still running, add nutmeg, brandy, rum, milk and cream until combined. Chill thoroughly to allow flavors to combine and serve in chilled wine glasses or champagne coupes, grating additional nutmeg on top immediately before serving.
Stir, strain over one large ice cube. Glass: Old Fashioned.
Pour chilled Chartreuse into a flute and top with Champagne.  Drop in the bitters-soaked cube and garnish with an orange peel.
Stir, strain, single large cube, old fashioned glass, garnish.
Muddle orange and cherry in old fashioned glass. Add bourbon, St. Germain, lemon, bitters. Stir, top with additional ice.
Shake, strain, rocks, low-ball
Fill highball glass with ice. Add all ingredients into cocktail shaker and shake until chilled. Strain into highball glass and garnish with lemon wheel.
Soak sugar cube with bitters and place in the bottom of a chilled champagne flute. Add elderflower liqueur, top with sparkling wine, and serve.
Add all ingredients to an ice-filled pint glass
Build in a highball glass w/ ice, stir and garnish with lime wheel
Dry shake then shake, strain into a fizz glass, top with beer and garnish with a line of aromatic bitters.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass

Lightly crush tarragon leaves in lime juice in shaker, add ice and other ingredients, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail coupe, garnishing with another tarragon leaf.
Muddle one fresh cherry with the lime juice and a pinch of dried hibiscus flowers.  Add the remaining ingredients, saving the mezcal to float, to a shaker and shake with ice.  Float the mezcal on top.  Pour into a chilled cocktail glass which has been rimmed with an equal measure of mesquite smoked salt, cruched chipotle pepper and sugar.  Garnish with another fresh cherry
Stir, strain, rock.
Stir all ingredients, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere.  Garnish with an orange peel, and a few atomizer spritzes of 25 year old Pedro Ximenez sherry vinegar
Shake, strain, sour glass.
Stir with ice and strain. Twist the lemon peel and drop it in.
Drink: Stir > Strain > Rocks... Garnish: Express > Rim > Drop
Shake all but the orange flower water and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with the orange flower water.
Shake, strain, up.
Build. Shake. Strain. Coupe. No garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish wildly.
Combine ingredients in tumbler.
Mix the first six ingredients in a pint glass.  Add ice.  Stir 30 seconds & strain into a chilled rocks glass.  Add a large ice cube.  Finish with a grapefruit twist.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Build in a shaker, muddle honey pieces well (2 , 3/4" cubes)
Muddle bitters, simple syrup and Mint together. Add Gin, Aperol, Grapefruit Juice, Egg White and shake for 60 seconds.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Muddle apple, mint, orgeat, and lime juice in cocktail shaker. Add ice, gin, and chartreuse. Shake and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add mint garnish.
Build in a mixing glass, rinse frozen rocks glass w absinthe, add ice to mixing glass and stir.  Stir, mist with cedar infusion.
In a pint glass with ice, combine all ingredients.  Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with an even layer of Orange-Ginger Foam.
Stir, strain, coupe, optional lemon or orange twist.
Stir, up. Optional orange twist garnish.

Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir over ice and strain into an old-fashioned glass with a large cube. Add the garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake all ingredients except IPA with ice and strain into an glass with ice. Top with IPA
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle basil with juice and syrup. Add rest. Dry shake. Shake well with ice and strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with basil leaf.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish, float.
Steep one tablespoon of white peony tea leaves in one cup boiling water and let cool. Prepare an oleo saccharum by muddling the peel of twelve lemons in 2 cups demerara sugar and resting until a paste forms, and then flash with boiling water and stir to incorporate. Let cool. Combine all ingredients, chill, stir, serve, ladle. Garnish with sprigs of lemon thyme. Makes four to six servings.

Shake, strain over an ice cylinder in a Collins glass.
Muddle cucumber, lime, simple syrup and rose water in mixing glass. Add gin and St. Germain. Shake with ice. Strain into chimney glass over fresh ice. Top with tonic. Garnish with very thin slices of cucumber.
Shake, strain, up, lime wedge garnish.
Stir. Strain. Rocks glass. A lone large cube.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, coupe.  Twist.
Long stir & strain into soda siphon or cream whipper*. Carbonate**. Serve up in glass of choice. Garnish.
Stir/strain/up/lemon peel
Stir with ice; strain; rocks glass over a large cube.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Add ingredients to shaker. Add ice and shake until the outside frosts. Double strain. Lime twist garnish.
Shake, fine strain, up, cocktail glass
In a shaker, muddle the cucumber with a splash of simple syrup. Add the rest of the ingredients besides the bitter lemon and shake vigorously. Strain over ice and top with the soda.
Combine all ingredients, shake and fine strain into a coupe. Garnish with Flamed Orange!
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake all but the soda and strain over the Ting in a DOF glass. Add ice and garnish with a lime wheel and an edible orchard.
Shake all over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Optionally garnish with an orange or grapferuit twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass rinsed with a smoky scotch
Shake with ice, strain into an absinthe rinsed coupe. No garnish.
Stir over ice, strain into a small tulip, garnish with a smacked sprig of mint
Combine ingredients in a shaker and fill with ice. Shake until chilled and foamy; strain into chilled glass and garnish.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake with ice, strain into a coupe, garnish
Shake, strain over ice, garnish with a lime wheel.
Colins, crushed ice, swizzle, garnish.
Shake with ice. Strain into coupe.
Whir with 12 oz pebble ice in a cocktail mixer and pour unstrained into a serving glass. Alternatively, whip shake with a few ice pebbles, pour, and top with more pebble ice. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg and serve with straw.
Stir all ingredients. Pour into chilled coupe. Express and garnish with lemon peel.
Stir, strain into a coupe. No garnish
Shake all ingredients, double strain, coupe, tropical garnish because why not.
Shake, strain, rocks, collins glass, ginger beer float, garnish
Combine first three ingredients over ice, stir to mix. Pour over ice in a Collins glass, add wine and a twist.
Stir, strain into a rocks glass, no ice.
Shake briefly with ice. Strain over crushed ice into Collins glass and swizzle. Top with fresh ice, serve with straw, garnish with rosemary sprig.
Add 'em all to an OF glass filled with rocks, stir and enjoy!
Fill a shaker with ice, and pour in the ingredients. Shake until chilled, and strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with tonic water.
Dry shake, wet shake, strain into an old fashioned glass on the rocks.  Garnish with an orange peel.
Shake, strain,  up, garnish with a pinch of curry powder.
Up: chilled coupe. Stir, strain, garnish.
1. Pour ingredients into a cocktail shaker with ice cubes
Shake well, strain over one big rock, garnish.
Combine ingredients except ginger ale with ice. Shake. Add some ginger ale and stir, double strain into glass, top with rest of ginger ale. Garnish with lemon.
Add mint and simple to shaker, muddle lightly. Add remaining ingredients, shake with ice, strain into glass.
Build on rocks
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with green cardamom-dusted lime wheel.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish.
Rinse chilled coupe with the Ricard, then pour it out. Fill a mixing glass with ice. Add all of the remaining ingredients and stir well. Strain into the prepared coupe and garnish with lime wedge.
Combine spirits, lime juice, and bitters in mixing glass, stir with ice, and double-strain into rocks glass over more ice, finish with ginger beer.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Combine in a mixing glass with ice.  Shake.  Fine strain.  No garnish.

Stir ingredients with ice; strain into cocktail glass.
To make lilac syrup: Pick fresh lilacs and remove all stems. Cover with equal parts sugar and water, and heat gently (do not boil!) for a couple of hours - or heat it up, turn the burner off, and leave to infuse overnight. Strain. Add 1/3 c. lemon juice per 6 c. syrup to lower the pH for water-bath canning, if desired.
Shake ingredients with ice. Pour (without straining) into cored pineapple.  Garnish with mint.
Shake, strain, straight up, wine glass, garnish
Shake, strain, up, garnish with an edible flower.
Stir with ice, strain into absinthe-rinsed coupe.
Shake, strain, neat, twist.
Shake all ingredients, strain into an iced Hurricane or Collins glass.  Garnish with a cherry and orange slice.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish, twist.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a grapefruit twist  or a pine or fir sprig.
Stir for 30 seconds, strain into coupe, garnish.
Build in a rocks glass with a large rock.
Sitr in a mixing glass with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a cherry.
Shake, strain, one big rock, soda.
Shake all but allspice tincture. Strain into an ice filled tiki mug, and garnish with allspice tincture.
Combine all ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass. Stir and strain into a chilled coupe. Express the oils from the orange twist over the finished drink and garnish with the peel.
Shake and strain into DOF with a big block of clear ice.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake or flash-blend all but seltzer; gated-pour to rocks glass; top with seltzer.
Shake with ice, strain into a martini glass. Garnish with apples, fresh or dried.
Stir, strain, up, optional lemon twist garnish.
Season rocks in a glass with the orange peels. Combine other ingredients, stir, strain over ice.
Make an oleo saccharum from the peels of the lemons and the sugar. Stir into tea until dissolved to make sherbet. Stir in the rest of the ingredients (minus the cider) and discard the lemon peels. Pour into a punch bowl over large ice and top with the cider. Ladle into individual servings. Garnish with cinnamon sticks and apple slices.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Build in mixing glass, add large ice, stir and strain into a chilled, stemmed glass
Shake; strain; DOF with crushed ice; garnish.
Stir, strain, up, garnish
Shake and strain; serve in coupe or in old fashioned glass with single large ice cube
Stir, strain, garnish with orange
Shake, strain, up, mint garnish.
Stir, strain, one large rock, express and insert twist.
Stir, strain, DOF. No garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass
Shake, strain, chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with an edible flower
Shake, strain, up
Combine all ingredients.  Shake and strain into a highball glass with a large rock.  Grapefruit twist garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into cocktail glass
Mix bourbon and cold mint syrup in a small pitcher. Pack a metal Julep cup with shaved ice, pressing the ice down to compact it. At the rim of the glass, press mint garnish around edges so that it forms a wreath. Add bourbon and mint syrup, dust with a bit of powdered sugar, and drink through a straw cut 1 inch higher than the glass.
Flash blend, gated-pour into rocks glass.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain over ice in a Collins, top with soda.
Shake and strain into prepared glass and garnish.
Muddle the green cardamom pod with the sugar syrup. Add remaining ingredients and ice, shake, and double strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish the foam from the pineapple juice with a drop of Angostura Bitters.
Build in order in a highball glass filled with ice. Stir gently.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, top with soda, garnish with lime spiral twist.
Muddle herbs. Add remaining ingredients except soda. Shake and strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Top with soda.
Stir (or shake), strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain up.
Combine all. Shake with ice. Strain.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Add all ingredients except bitters to a shaker. If employing egg white, dry shake, then add ice and wet shake. Double strain into a coupe/low-ball. Add drops of bitters in a circle and use a straw or pick to create a flowery pattern. Serve.
Shake with crushed ice, pour un-strained into a rocks glass, garnish.
Muddle sugar, half orange slice, & bitters; stir; highball over ice, top with soda, garnish with other half of orange and cherries.
Combine all except Blackstrap rum in shaker with crushed ice. Shake briefly, pour into double old fashioned glass. Top with additional crushed ice. Float Blackstrap rum, garnish as desired.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine 1 oz. concentrated cider, rye, lemon juice, and maple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously, and strain into a cocktail glass (with or without ice). Garnish with ginger slices or lemon rind. Serve immediately.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Stir, strain, one large rock
Shake and strain into a rocks glass with fresh ice. Top with ~2 1/2 oz Notch Saison  beer. Stir.
Rinse a rocks glass with absinthe. Add ice, tequila, creme de cacao, and bitters; stir. Garnish with an orange twist.
Combine tequila, cacao, and horchata, shake vigorously with ice, fine strain, up, garnish with fresh ground nutmeg.
Combine all except beer in a shaker without ice. Shake for several seconds, then add ice and shake for at least 15 seconds. Strain into collins glass and top with beer. Garnish.
Shake, double strain, cocktail, flame and garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Muddle cherry in liquid ingredients, shake, double strain over cracked ice, garnish with two more brandied cherries on a pick with an orange flag.
Build in an ice-filled highball glass or tiki mug and swizzle. Garnish with a paper umbrella and serve with a swizzle stick.
Build over ice in highball, toss into mixing glass and back to combine, top with seltzer, give brief stir.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, smack mint on palm and lay on surface as garnish
Pour the two liqueurs into a lowball glass filled with large ice and stir.
Bourbon, lime juice, Fernet and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake well. Strain into a Collins or highball glass filled with ice. Top with the ginger beer and garnish with a few sprigs of mint.
Dry shake, shake, strain over Champagne, garnish.
Shake dry then with ice. Express peel and use as garnish or discard.
Shake, strain into coupe.  Garnish with lime wheel.
Spoon batter into a warmed mug with handle. Stir in fernet and cognac, then hot milk. Grate nutmeg on top.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Dry shake, add ice, shake like hell, chilled wine goblet
Combine all ingredients except cola in shaker. Shake until cold then strain into rocks glass. Add cola then top with fresh ice. Garnish with cherry and lime.
Shake, strain, Collins glass.  Top with soda water, orange peel garnish
Shake, strain, one big rock.
Shake, strain, up, float bitters, sink cherries.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake with 2 of the cucumber slices, double-strain, rocks, DOF. Garnish with 3rd slice.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle lemon peel and sugar hard to make an Oleo-Saccharum. Let rest some place warm for one hour. Add lemon juice and hot water. Stir to dissolve sugar. Strain this into a bottle and add Smith & Cross. This is punch base, and will probably age for a week in the refrigerator. To assemble punch, add punch base and white rhum in a large punch bowl. Float coconut water ice, and add bitters, stirring them in gently. Taste, and add water for dilution, remembering that this is a punch, not a cocktail - it should be about the strength of vermouth. Garnish with grated nutmeg.
Stir rum, syrup w/ bitters over ice, strain, top with soda or replace syrup w/ Ficodindia soda.
Shake and strain into a rocks glass.  Please don't put any White Dog in a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Shake with ice. Strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary.
Muddle sage leaves slightly, add whiskey, syrup, and lemon juice. Shake w/ice & double strain over a rocks glass w/fresh ice. Garnish with a sage leaf after rubbing around the rim of the glass.
Pour all ingredients in mixing glass and Stir.  Strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon twist. 
Express oils from an orange peel over the drink., Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. No garnish
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, neat.
Shake with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Twist, rim & drop lemon peel. Raise a toast to Mayan calendar-making skills.
Shake and strain
Shake over ice and double-strain into a chilled Nick & Nora glass or coupette.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake with ice, strain into glass.
Shake, strain into a Collins rimmed with spiced salt over an ice shard.
In a highball glass filled with 
Shake; strain; up.
Add all ingredients. Shake. Double Strain. Serve in a coupe. Garnish with fresh grated nutmeg & one basil leaf.
Build in glass over crushed ice, twist.
Combine, finishing with the hot water, stir, and divide between two glasses.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with pinches of pepper and salt and a fennel frond.
Shake with ice, double strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, rock, crown. Serve in a cherry wood-smoked goblet or coupe. Sip in your throne and ponder your mastery over your kingdom.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish
Mix all ingredients except ginger beer in Collins glass. Add 4 ice cubes. Top off with ginger beer. Stir gently to mix.
Add all ingredients except sherry and bitters into a Collins with crushed ice and swizzle until the glass is frosted. Top with ice, float sherry, garnish with bitters. Add straw.
Build over ice in lowball, pour into mixing glass and back to combine. Serve on rocks.
Combine, Stir, Strain into Coupe Glass, Garnish with brandied cherry
Shake, double strain, rocks glass (no rocks).
Shake, double-strain into coupe.  Garnish with orange peel.
Shake on ice, strain in vessel of choice.
Shake and strain (or build), rocks, lowball.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Dissolve sugar in water, mix in liquors and lemon juice, chill, serve with ice.
Stir, strain, neat, twist.
Shake well.  Serve in a coupe.
Shake, strain, express peel and discard
Shake well with ice (egg white), strain into coupette glass, garnish with lemon zest
Muddle sugar cubes with half club soda. Stir all ingredients with ice, strain and pour into glass with single large ice cube. Add remaining club soda, garnish with peach slices.
Stir & Strain, Coupe, Fresh Ginger.
Shake, double strain, up, garnish with a mint sprig and a tangerine wedge or pineapple slice.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe; garnish with lemon twist or wheel
Shake, strain over one big rock, float.
Short shake all ingredients except soda, strain into snifter with 1 large ice cube. Pour in club soda. No garnish.
Take 1 sprig of thyme and rosemary--remove leaves from the stems, express and place leaves in the bottom of your mixing glass. Add liquors, egg white, cream, and 2 dashes of bitters.  Dry shake.  Add ice and lemon & lime juice, and shake till chilled. Double strain into a rastal style tall goblet.  Let sit for 15 seconds to build the meringue;  add club to fill to the lip, garnish with 1 sprig each of thyme and rosemary, and top with three dashes of bitters
Shake, fine strain, up.
Shake all liquids with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Twist lemon peel and hang onto side of glass
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish
Stir on ice, serve up. Flame orange peel over cocktail and garnish with peel.
Hard shake 45 seconds with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass, garnish, serve with a portion of gingerbread
Add all 1000+ ingredients to a shaker and shake, strain over crushed ice in a tiki mug, invert a half lime shell over the drink, place a sugar cube in it, splash some overproof rum on top, light on fire, rest.
Rinse OF glass with Allspice dram. Stir whiskey, Chartreuse, Carpano Antico, Bitters with ice. Strain over large ice cube, garnish with orange twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake with ice and strain into a martini glass.
Ice, shake, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up.
Temper glass with hot water and build in glass
Shake, double strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Shake, strain, up, flower garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, top with sparkling wine.
Stir with ice, strain, serve up in a coupe
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake all ingredients 
Shake, strain, chilled coupe, lemon twist garnish.
Shake all ingredients over ice, double strain in chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with expressed lime.
Shake, strain, up.
Build in a mixing glass.  Stir, strain, serve up in a chilled glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake hard, strain in rock glass with crushed ice.
Shake and strain, garnish
Dry shake all ingredients once and then shake again with ice.  Garnish by flaming mint essence over the top of the drink.
Blend with finely crushed ice (like a snow cone)
Muddle bitters and sugar, add remaining ingredients, add ice, stir and strain into a chilled coupe glass.  Lemon peel garnish
Shake gin, lime juice, and raspberry with ice, strain into a highball with fresh ice, top with ginger beer.
Stir everything in an ice-filled glass and strain into another glass with a large cube
Shake, strain into a chilled coupe, lime wheel
Shake and strain. Can be served over shaved ice.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twists.
Shake everything except ginger ale and nutmeg.  Pour the ginger ale into your shaker then strain.  Tall glass with ice.  Garnish.
Add ingredients in a shaker over ice. Shake, double strain into a coupe. Garnish with a thin lime slice
Build in a mug and fill with hot water.
Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon twist.
Shake with ice; strain into chilled coupé. Garnish.
Rinse a single pour rocks glass with Fernet Branca. Discard excess. Muddle demerara and Burlesque Bitters in base of glass until dissolved. Add rum. Stir. Top with large ice cube and garnish with flamed orange twist.
Muddle the last three ingredients in the Zhuyeqing liquor, then add the sake and shake with ice. Double strain into a sake cup, and garnish with a few leaves of whole leaf green tea and dried juniper berries.
Stir with a few chips of ice, enjoy slowly as it comes back to room temperature.
Shake, strain, serve up. Garnish with orange twist.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into a martini glass.
Shake. Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with orange twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe, garnish with apple fan.
Stir, Strain, Up, Coupe, Orange Twist
Shake all but vinegar with ice.
Expressed orange peel (discarded), Stir, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Add all ingredients, except sherry, to a cocktail shaker filled with ice.  Shake hard and strain into a highball or Tiki glass filled with ice.  Float the sweet sherry on top.
Dry shake, shake, strain, garnish with fresh nutmeg.
Shake well, double strain, up, garnish with bitters.
Shake, strain, rocks in a highball.
Build in a ice-filled rocks glass. Stir. Lemon twist.
Stir with ice, strain into coupe, squeeze lemon peel and drop in.
In a Collins glass:
Stir the scotch, amaro, vermouth, and bitters over ice vigorously for at least 30 seconds. Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with lemon oil.
Shake, double strain, chilled coupe
Stir with ice, strain over a large ice cube, garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir. Serve up in a cocktail glass.  Garnished with a cherry dropped in the glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain into a Champagne flute topping with Champagne, twist.
Add all ingredients except the ginger beer to a shaker and fill with ice. Shake, and strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer and garnish with a lemon half wheel.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, spritz.
Shake and strain over rocks and sip, or into two shot glasses and shoot.
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a chilled coupe. No garnish.
Rim a chilled old fashioned glass with lemon and dip into lemon/rosemary salt.  
Shake with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake with ice; coupé glass; twist a lemon peel over it.
Stir and strain into a coupe. Orange twist, discard.
Blend on high for 30 seconds.  Pour into a coupe and fill to the rim with Fernet. Garnish with mint sprig.
No garnish.  Served up.
Shake vigorously without ice, and then with ice. Strain into a wine glass. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Shake all ingredients except champagne with ice, strain into glass and top with champagne.
Stir, strain, Old Fashioned, one rock.
Dry shake all ingredients, shake with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail coupe
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled rocks glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Stir, strain, neat, garnish with a tarragon sprig skewered through a small swath of lemon peel.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Shake all ingredients except for Lambrusco with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe. Float the Lambrusco on top.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, lemon twist garnish.
Build in shaker.  Go a little fat on the simple but not a half ounce.  Rinse chilled, stemmed glass with Cynar, leaving a bit at the bottom (more can be fun but I like to leave this one accessible).  Shake well but not too much as Pimm's doesn't have the proof.  Strain and garnish with a few more drops Peychaud's.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake whiskey, falernum, juice, and bitters. Strain over fresh ice in a rocks glass. Top with soda and briefly stir. Garnish.
Ice in mixing glass, stir, strain into coupe glass.
Muddle, shake, double strain, up, garnish.
Rocks glass, round ice - add coconut water, rum and bitters - stir and serve  -
Stir all but soda, strain onto big rock in a DOF (or onto cracked ice in a wine glass), top with soda, briefly stir, express grapefruit twist and garnish with it and/or a strawberry.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake all but IPA, strain into champagne flute or smallish wine glass. Top with IPA, express peel, and use it to stir once as you drop it in.
Stir, strain, coupe, express, serve.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, no garnish.
Shake with ice, strain, serve up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktails glass.  Hold on to your hat and take a sip.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with flamed orange twist.
Shake all but wine, strain into ice-filled highball glass, top with chilled wine.
Build first three ingredients with ice in low-ball glass, stir to louche, add more ice, top with soda, garnish
Muddle, shake, fine strain into a coupe, garnish with a thin orange peel wrapped around another grape, dipped in 151-proof rum, and set aflame, then extinguished in the drink.
Shake and strain into a chilled Martini glass. Garnish with a half Lime wheel.
Muddle the dill, cucumber and lemon peel in a mixing glass with the Dolin Blanc and Bitters, Old Men Caramelized Ramp Bitters. Add gin and stir with ice, fine-straining into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a smacked dill sprig.
Shake, strain, straight up, flute, top with champagne or dry sparking wine
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled rock glass over large cube of ice.
Shake all but soda water, strain, Collins glass with crushed ice.  Garnish extravagantly with pineapple wedges, fruit and mint, or with just a simple orange twist and enjoy.
Stir, strain, up with a grapefruit twist.

Shake with small ice cubes.  Pour unstrained into a tall tiki glass.  Top off with crushed ice.  Garnish with a mint sprig (don't forget to spank it.)
Dry shake, shake, strain, garnish with freshly grated cinnamon.
Dry shake all the ingredients for 30 seconds until combined.  Add ice and shake for at least a minute.  Strain and garnish with a lemon peel.
Muddle cukes and mint in simple, then combine all, shake, and strain. Garnish with a mint sprig through a cucumber wheel.
Muddle, shake, double strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, quarter wheel of lemon to garnish
Build in a punch bowl over ice.
In a pre-chilled Old-Fashioned glass, rinsed with absinthe, gently bruise mint with demerera sugar. Shake rye, rum, vermouth, Peychaud's with ice. Pour, savor, repeat.
Shake and strain over ice in Collins glass.  Top with ginger beer.  Orange twist.  Straw.
Build in a shaker, shake well with big ice to beat up strawberry.  Strain (or fine strain) in to a chilled, stemmed glass.
Crush watermelon in shaker with juice, add tequila and ice.  Shake and strain into collins glass filled with crushed ice and watermelon spear.  Float chartreuse and garnish with mint sprig.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, lowball, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle strawberries, simple syrup and balsamic, add lime juice, tequila and ice.  Shake and fine strain into an iced double Old Fashioned rimmed with Cumin Salt.  Top with Limonata. And garnish with a lime wheel.
Rinse a chilled cocktail glass with Absinthe. Stir pisco, vermouth, strawberry infused St. Germain and bitters with ice and strain into prepared glass. Garnish with lemon peel.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake; strain; up; garnish.
Muddle ginger and verbena syrup; dry shake; strain; ice-filled collins; soda top.  Garnish with crystallized ginger wrapped in a Meyer lemon twist
Build in a collins glass, add ice and top with soda. Garnish with a pink grapefruit wedge
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Build in glass, lightly stir with ice.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish exotically.
Stir, strain, coupe. Garnish with orange zest and cacao liqueur and Tio Pepe mist.
Stir, strain, up, optional lemon twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Place larger side of cocktail shaker inside of smaller tin to keep your hand from burning. Add all ingredients and use milk steaming wand from espresso machine to heat. Pour into Tom and Jerry glass and fill with very hot water. Garnish with a lemon twist with a clove pinned through the middle.
Shake or blend, and pour without straining.
Blend, or, alternatively, shake with crushed ice; pour without straining.
In advance, freeze Aperol and 1/2oz lime juice. Shake gin and 1/4oz lime juice, strain into lowball glass, add tonic, stir gently, add cube, serve with straw or spoon for imbiber to use to break up cube.
Fill highball glass with ice, then add ice and ingredients to blender and blend until smooth. Refill glass and garnish.
Stir for 30 secs and strain, served straight up with lemon twist.
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled coupe. Zest with Grapefruit and lemon peel. If you have large cubes of ice, you can also serve it over one large cube in a double old fashioned glass.
Combine all ingredients, add ice, stir, strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Fill highball glass with ice, then add ice and ingredients to blender and blend until smooth. Refill glass and garnish
Fill highball glass with ice, then add ice and ingredients to blender and blend until smooth. Refill glass and garnish
Stir, strain.  No garnish.  Serve up or with large cube/sphere.
Shake, strain over rocks and Champagne, garnish with mint sprig and floated fruit.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, float bitters on top of drink, flame orange peel over top.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add a orange zest twist and serve.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, flute, top with Champagne.
Muddle hulled strawberry half in lemon juice and add other liquid ingredients in shaker. Shake with big ice. Double strain into a rocks glass, then add crushed ice so that it mounds above the wash line. Top with other half of the strawberry and a pinch of salt.
Shake (or stir), strain, up.
Real easy, build in glass, add ice, top soda water, quick roll in small tin and done.
Dry shake, shake, strain, garnish.
Shake all but soda, strain, collins glass, top, gentle stir, garnish, straw
Stir with ice, strain into 4.5oz coupe.  Garnish with orange swath covered in angostura
Shake, strain, up.
Shake everything but the wine and strain into cocktail glass. Float wine.
Shake rhubarb liqueur, lemon juice, and simple syrup with ice; strain into a collins glass, fill with ice and top with soda water. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled champagne coupé.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a pineapple leaf.
Stir (25-30), strain, up & garnish
Stir, strain, rock, pineapple leaf garnish.
In a shaker combine gin, Aperol, juices, honey syrup, 4-6 mint leaves, egg white, and bitters to taste. Shake without ice for 30 seconds until frothy, then add ice and shake for an additional 30 seconds. Strain into a fizz glass with no ice, spritz with rose water, and garnish with a sprig of gently beaten mint.
Mix all ingredients except ginger beer.
Lightly muddle mint in lime and syrup, add Chartreuse, shake with ice and strain over fresh ice, top with soda, garnish.
Shake, strain, flute, top. Before serving, Shellenberger has the imbiber apply his custom Lilac Vegetal hand sanitizer for aromatics, so perhaps a spritz of lavender would serve a similar function here.
Stir Campari and juice in an ice-filled Collins; top with prosecco; garnish.
Shake with ice, serve in double old-fashioned glass or tiki mug over crushed ice.
Integration shake, and strain over Kold Draft cubes, topping with mineral water. Garnish with floated frozen grapes and cucumber/basil to taste. Serve with straw.
Gently muddle mint in lemon syrup, stir in wine and spirit, add ice and salt, stir again, top with more ice, a mint sprig, red berries, and a lemon wheel.
Pour all ingredients, except champagne into a mixing glass with ice and stir.  Strain into a  champagne glass and add the champagne.  Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, double strain over crushed ice in a julep cup, garnish with mint, brandied cherries, and a plum slice, serve with straws.
Stir for a long time or serve on rock for more dillution
Stir, strain, no garnish
(If you have brandied cherries, muddle 2 at the bottom of the shaker first)
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Build in a london dock glass or mug, topping with the hot tea; rooibos and chamomile work well.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass. Add ice and stir 30-40 times. Strain into a rocks glass over a large ice cube. Garnish with large orange peel
Combine all but bubbly, muddle, shake with ice, double strain over fresh ice in a Collins and top with bubbles, garnish, serve with straw.
Stir, strain over Champagne.
Shake all ingredients with ice, then strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Shake, strain, old fashioned glass with one big ice cube.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle the basil in a cocktail shaker and add all of the liquid ingredients. Add ice and shake vigorously. Strain into an ice-filled short glass and garnish with a sprig of fresh basil.
Shake, strain, rocks
Stir, strain, stright (no ice), low-ball
Shake, strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass
Build dry, stir with ice. Double strain into chilled Martini glass.
Stir and strain over ice.
Shake all but rose water with ice, strain into coupe, spritz rose water over glass, garnish with candied ginger slice.
Muddle blackberries in the bottom of a Pilsner glass, then fill with crushed ice. Shake and strain remaining ingredients except bitters which are floated on top of the finished drink.
Add to shaker with ice and stir. Strain into Coupe glass.
Shake dry. Serve over single large ice cube. Wrap brandied cherry in fresh ginger and skewer for garnish.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake; strain; up in coupe; garnish with lemon twist
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a "flower" of lemon peel around a brandied cherry.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain over rock that's been sprayed with about four mists of the Mezcal. Garnish with a couple of more sprays over the drink.
Dry shake, shake with ice, double strain into a coupe. Garnish
Shake; strain into coup; garnish with lime wheel.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir & strain into a chilled glass
Build in julep glass over crushed ice, churn with barspoon, top with more crushed ice and a sprig of basil.
Stir, strain, up, lemon twist.
Fill rocks glass with ice. Add gin and top off with Chinotto. Gentle stir. Garnish with orange wedge.
Shake without soda water, strain into coupe and top with soda water.
Shake gin, ginger syrup, lemon juice and bitters with ice, strain into champagne flute.  Top with beer, garnish with lemon wedge.
Muddle 1/2 lemon with large handful basil, add simple and test for sweetness. Add ice and gin, shake, double strain, rocks-filled frozen old fashioned glass
Shake ingredients (except club soda) over ice; strain over ice and top with club soda
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Combine all ingredients except ginger beer in a shaker with ice.  Shake and strain into collins glass with ice.  Top with ginger beer, garnish with thyme sprig.
Shake all but the Soda with ice and strain into a highball glass.  Fill with the soda.  No garnish.
Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice, serve in cocktail glass with cucumber garnish.
Build ingredients in a highball glass over ice.  Stir and garnish with a lemon peel.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tangerine peel, grapefruit juice, gins and 5 dashes of Bittercube Door County Hop Bitters. Shake until well chilled, strain and then pour into chilled champagne flute.
Muddle the mint in the syrup in a julep cup,  fill with crushed or pellet ice, add spirits, top with club soda, stir to combine, garnish.
(Dry shake and?) shake, strain into a fizz glass, top with soda. Garnish with a bouquet of mint skewered through a lime wheel.
In a highball glass, lightly muddle the mint leaves. Add the gin, lemon juice and Simple Syrup and stir well. Add crushed ice and stir again. Top with more crushed ice and the sloe gin.
Stir, strain over soda, stir gently.
Shake all well with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass.  Garnish with orange peel.
Shake well with lots of ice, garnish with orange slices, pineapple, and berries in season. Serve with straw.
Lime Wedge, Build, Rocks, Collins
Pour gins into an ice filled highball glass. Top off with Cel-Ray and stir.  Add a slice each of lime and cucumber
Preheat the over to 375 degrees.  Put the apples in a small roasting pan and sprinkle the sugar and cinnamon over them. Bake for about 35 minutes, until tender but still firm.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir to combine. Strain into a chilled glass and garnish.
Add ingredients to shaker with ice, stir and strain into a coupe glass
Shake with ice, pour with ice into glass.  Add 7 drops Bittercube Blackstrap bitters.
Muddle lime juice, simple & mint. Add gin. Shake. Pour into iced highball, top with ginger beer, garnish with the ginger on a pick and the mint sprig through a lime wheel.
Shake, rocks, lowball, garnish with cherry or crystallized ginger,
Shake and strain
Fill a cocktail shaker with mint and crushed ice and muddle to bruise the mint.  Add bourbon, ginger liqueur, simple syrup, and lemon juice and shake.  Strain into a glass. Garnish with mint.
Add all ingredients shake well with cracked ice, strain in chilled martini glass, garnish with crystallized ginger stick
Stir, serve with ice
Combine cognac, canton, lime juice, citronge, and bitters in a shaker. Shake vigorously over ice for at least 20 seconds. Strain into glass.
Pour vodka, St. Germain, fresh lemon juice, and simple into a mixing glass with ice. Stir and strain into chilled coupe. Add bitters.
Muddle ginger and lime. Add gin and elderflower liqueur. Shake with ice, strain, top with seltzer. Garnish with coin of ginger.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
In a mixing glass, muddle ginger, lemon peel and syrup. Add remaining ingredients and stir over ice. Strain into a rocks glass full of fresh ice.
Muddle, shake briefly, pour without straining into a rocks glass.
Muddle strawberry. Add ingredients and shake. Pour into Double Old Fashioned glass. Top with crushed or pellet ice and garnish with a strawberry and ginger candy.
Build over crushed ice, swizzle, top with bitters, garnish with mint, lemon slices, or edible flowers, serve with straw.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Muddle the juniper berries. Shake everything. Strain into a Collins glass with ice. Garnish with lemongrass.
Shake, strain, up or rocks, garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Combine first 5 ingredients in an iced shaker.  Shake and strain into a collins glass filled with a long rectangular ice cube.  Top with seltzer water and garnish with a fennel stalk so that leaves stick out of the top.
Shake, strain, coupe, grated nutmeg garnish.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Shake with ice and strain over ice in an Old Fashioned glass; garnish.
Stir with ice in a cocktail shaker and strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Build in a mule mug or Collins and stir over crushed ice. Garnish with a lemon wheel and candied ginger.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass rinsed with absinthe.  Garnish and enjoy.
Mix everything but soda in tin and dry shake. Add ice and shake. Strain into a collins glass. Top with soda. Orange twist garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a rocks glass containing an ice cone. Add a straw and garnish with 2 mint leaves.
Shake, strain, rocks, top with ginger beer, garnish with lime wheel.
Add ingredients to glass, add ice, stir.
Stir and serve on the rocks (or on one large rock if possible) without any garnish.
Garnish: lime wheels, edible orchids and long straws (optional)
Stir. Up. No garnish.
Shake, strain over a large cube.
Short shake (except the club soda), then strain into a snifter over one large ice cube. Top with the club soda. Garnish with a fine grating of lime zest.
Shake, strain, up.
Cherry + dribble of grenadine in glass, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker, shake over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients with two ice cubes and serve over crushed ice in a pineapple.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir over ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, and squeeze a lemon twist to express its oils over the surface of the drink. You may choose to commit the delicious sacrilege of dropping the twist into the drink, or not, as you prefer.
Shake lightly on ice, strain in small glass of choice.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with three cubes, strain over crushed ice in a highball, garnish, serve with straw.
Combine all ingredients in an ice-filled cocktail shaker. Shake it like a rock star. Strain into snifter.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake, shake, strain in coupe.
Stir. Up. Grapefruit twist. Discard twist.
Build in Collins glass filled with crushed ice, swizzle until frost forms, garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle lime wedges and brown sugar in the bottom of a highball glass. Add mint leaves and gently crush with muddler. Half fill the highball glass with crushed ice and add rum. Stir ingredients together ensuring lime wedges and mint leaves blend evenly throughout mixture. Top with crushed ice and repeat stirring process.
Shake all ingredients with ice and pour into a rocks glass over more ice.
Stir, strain, one big rock, express and insert twist.
Stir, strain, cherry
Stir, strain into an Old Fashioned glass over ice, garnish with an apple slice, serve with straw.
Build over ice, top with soda, stir gently & garnish
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish.
Shake, strain, chilled coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, fine strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake; shake; strain; coupe; garnish.
Combine all. Vigorously shake with ice. Strain. Dry shake. Strain.
Shake well, strain over crushed ice in an Old Fashioned.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir. Serve in a highball with no ice. Large orange twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled champagne coupé.
Add all ingredients to shaker, muddle, fill with cracked ice and shake. Dump un-strained into glass.
Stir gin and vermouth, strain over Champagne in a coupe, twist.
Fill rocks glass with crushed ice, and coat inside with about 5 dashes Gary Regan's Orange bitters.  Build cocktail in a mixing glass, if using apry, skinny half ounce, if using R & W (preferred) make a skinny half ounce out of an eighth ounce demerara and the rest R & W apricot.  Stir.  Dump out crushed ice and bitters from rocks glass, Strain chilled drink into it.  Garnish with orange peel expressed and discarded.
Stir all contents over ice and fine strain into a chilled coupe.  The Galliano may be rinsed or misted from an atomizer, depending on who you're trying to impress.
Shake all ingredients with ice then strain into a frozen coupe glass.
Stir, strain, OF glass, up or rocks.
Stir and strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with an Orange twist.
Shake over ice and fine-strain into a chilled coupe Add the garnish if you like.
Stir, strain over champagne and cherry in a cocktail glass.
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Squeeze a lemon peel over the top, rub it around the rim, and drop it in.
Shake first three ingredients in an ice filled shaker and strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Top with Ginger beer & 2 dashes of Angostura bitters to garnish.
Shake, strain, garnish with an orange slice.
Stir with cracked ice, strain, and serve on a rock with a grapefruit twist.
Fill a rocks glass with ice cubes and add the first three ingredients; stir to combine. Add the tonic water and lightly stir again; garnish with strip of lemon peel
Bulid all ingredients over ice. Add orange slice if you wish.
Shake everything except seltzer with ice and strain into a small sidecar bottle. Top up with seltzer water and pour half into a coffee cup. Serve with pistachio Turkish delight on the side.
Shake, serve up in cocktail glass.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist a lemon peel over the top and drop it in.
Stir over ice. Strain in a rocks glass over a large ice cube that has been "pre-seasoned" with the essential oils of a large orange peel. Drop the peel in and garnish with your finest brandied cherries. Smile.
Shake first four ingredients with ice; strain into large coupe, top and garnish.
Combine ingredients in mixing glass and stir.  Strain into a chilled coup. No Garnish.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake without Champagne, add Champagne, fine strain into a coupe, garnish with an edible flower.
Shake lemon juice, Damiana, and syrup. Strain into champagne flute. Top with champagne.
Combine all liquid ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass. Stir vigorously for about 15 to 20 seconds. Strain into cocktail glass. Rub the outside of the grapefruit peel (i.e. not the pith side) around the rim of the glass before garnishing drink with it.
Shake. Serve up.
Quarter the 1/2 lime and muddle with the bitters and Gran Classico.  Add about 5 cubes of ice and the tequila and shake.  Pour without straining into a rocks glass
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir all ingredients except garnish in mixing glass with ice until chilled.  Strain into rocks glass filled with ice.  Express orange and lemon twists into drink and arrange in glass.
Stir, strain, up or rocks. Twist & drop in.
Muddle ginger and 2 peppercorns.  Stir with ice.  Double strain into an ice-filled tumbler.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, rocks, top with coffee.
Shake vigourously with ice, strain on ice, serve with expressed grapefruit peel and lavender sprig
Ice, shake, strain, coupe/lowball (no ice).
Shake all but the soda over ice. (The original recipe doesn't call for a dry shake first, just enthusiasm.) Strain into a short collins over ice. Add soda water and more cocoa powder for garnish.
Double Shake/strain/up/lemon twist
Stir & strain. Chilled coupe or 1 big rock.
Stir booze with hot coffee, top with twist.
Place all ingredients into shaker filled with ice- shake for 10-15 seconds then strain into a Coupe- garnish with a Lemon Twist.
Build in an iced Collins glass. Stir and garnish with cucumber slices.
Stir, strain into a Nick & Nora glass, garnish with a 'grapefruit smile'—a wide swath of grapefruit peel cut into a diamond shape with a slit cut through it to rest on the rim of the glass.
Add ale, apple brandy, rye whiskey, maple syrup to a cocktail shaker and gently swirl the shaker for 30 seconds to decarbonate the beer. Add the egg and shake for 45-60 seconds without ice. Add ice and shake for 15-20 seconds. Double-strain into collins glass and garnish with grated nutmeg.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake over ice, strain in the glass of your choice

Shake, strain into an absinthe-rinsed coupe.
Shake all ingredients except Champagne with ice, strain into flute and top with Champagne.  Garnish with cherry
Shake, Strain, Up
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a twist of lime.
Shake all ingredients vigorously with ice, strain into a frozen coupe glass.  Garnish with a cherry.
Rinse beer glass (preferably one made for Belgian beers) with Absinthe. Add Gin and fill with beer, aiming for a nice, foamy head.
Muddle 2 medium-size slices of kiwi into the simple syrup. Shake all ingredients with ice. Fine strain into a tulip filled with crushed ice. Garnish with one kiwi wheel.
Muddle the snap peas and tarragon in syrup, shake, fine strain over crushed ice in a rocks glass, garnish with two more sugar snap pea pods.
Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake all ingredients well with ice, then transfer contents of shaker into a Collins glass, adding more ice as needed. Garnish with a lime wedge or peel.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir on ice, strain, serve in a chilled coupe, garnish with a lemon peel twist.
Muddle 2 medium slices of Kiwi with the simple syrup. Add remaining ingredients and shake with ice. Double strain into a margarita glass filled with crushed ice and garnish with a Kiwi slice.
Shake, strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, highball, rocks, top with ginger beer, stir gently, straw, garnish with bitters. Original uses housemade ginger liqueur.
Shake; double strain; up; garnish.
Swizzle in a mixing bowl with cracked ice and pour into a tall glass, topping with more ice. Serve with a straw, and garnish with a spent lime shell, mint sprigs, and nutmeg.
Muddle 2 medium-size slices of kiwi into the simple syrup. Shake all ingredients, excluding white wine, over ice. Fine strain into a coupe or ice-filled wine glass. Add Vinho Verde white wine and stir to integrate. Garnish with one kiwi wheel.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass.
Dry shake all but wine, shake with ice, strain, rocks, lowball, float red wine, garnish with orange slice and cherry. Use a dry red wine.
Shake all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Shake and strain into ice glass
Gently muddle sugar and mint in bourbon, lime, simple, and absinthe. Dump into a Collins and add crushed ice. Dash bitters on top and swizzle lightly. Top with more crushed ice and mint garnish.
Shake tequila, elderflower, and grapefruit with ice. Strain over fresh ice.  Top off with pale ale. Serve in a salt-rimmed glass with a grapefruit twist.
Add ingredients to a cocktail tin and dry shake for ~30 seconds. Add ice, shake until chilled and double strain into a cube ice filled rocks glass. Garnish with pomegranate seeds
Shake, strain, up, garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist, cherry garnish.
Stir, garnish with an orange peel
Add ice to a high ball glass. Add ingredients. Top off with sparkling water or club soda. Stir and enjoy.
Dry shake, shake with ice, coupe, garnish.
Combine in pitcher; serve over copious ice.
Build all ingredients in a mixing glass; stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass or coupe. No garnish.
Combine the Cynar, rye and salt in a mixing glass and stir briefly to dissolve the salt. Express the oil from the lemon peels and drop into the mixing glass. Add ice and stir, then strain into an Herbsaint-rinsed cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon peel.

Mix rum, liqueur, lemon juice and sugar. Add hot water and stir. Garnish with 1 whole clove and a cinnamon stick.
Dash of Aromatic Bitters
Shake all ingredients except ginger beer over ice. Strain in Collins glass. Add ice, top with ginger beer. Garnish with expressed lime peel.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with TBT aromatic bitters dashed onto a slapped mint sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball.
Stir, strain, up, express orange oil on top and discard the peel.
Combine all liquids into a cocktail shaker. Vigorously dry shake for 5 seconds. Add ice. Shake, double strain into a coupe, garnish with a pinch of fresh ground black pepper on top.
Combine all ingredients except the vinegar in a shaker and shake. Strain into a rocks glass with fresh ice. Float vinegar on top. Garnish with half orange wheel. Smile.
Shake over ice. Double strain in chilled cocktail glass rimmed with Rosemary salt.
Combine all ingredients into a mixing glass, add 75% ice and stir 10-15 seconds. Single strain into a coupe.
Muddle lightly cucumber and coriander leaves. Assemble and shake, double strain and serve on ice with a cucumber slice for garnish
Stir with ice, strain and serve up with a twist of lemon.
Combine bourbon, Averna, Chartreuse, and bitters with ice and stir. Rinse glass with Ardbeg and discard. Strain stirred ingredients into glass.
Muddle all but Sanbitter for 2 minutes to allow flavors to meld. Add ice, shake, strain, collins glass. Garnish.
Shake, strain over ice cylinder or rocks and soda, serve with straw.
Build all except cream in a mixing glass, add large ice cubes, stir, strain into rocks glass with cream in it, fill with ice.  Flame, and insert orange peel.

Rinse a coupe with the chartreuse. Shake all ingredients with ice and double strain into coupe.
Combine all liquids in shaker, the add 1 pinch fresh grated nutmeg and 1 whole egg.  Shake without ice.  Add large ice cubes and shake very well.  Strain into glass without ice, and top with more fresh nutmeg.
Shake, add pear cider, strain over fresh ice in a copper mug, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Stir and serve up.
Shake, strain, Tiki glass, crushed ice
Shake, Strain.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain into a DOF glass over a large ice cube. Garnish
Shake, strain over rocks, garnish with a lime wheel and an orange wheel, serve with straw.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with grated nutmeg.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, strain.
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Shake and strain into a crushed ice-filled rocks glass.
Stir, strain, rocks or goblet with an ice sphere
Shake, strain over rocks in a highball, float rum, garnish with a lime wheel and a cherry.
Make sure salt mostly dissolves before adding ice. Orange peel garnish optional.
Add Chartreuse and Amaro to ice in a rocks glass. Top with lemon tonic and stir.
Shake, strain over ice and soda or sparkling wine, and, optionally, seasonal fruit and herbs (as an in-glass garnish). Garnish with a long thin strip of grapefruit peel tied as best you can manage into a tie—half windsor for extra credit. Serve with straw.
You then give it a Hebrew shake and pop a cherry on top.  Say Hallelujah after drinking.
Rinse coupe. Stir, strain, cherries on a pick.
Shake with ice and double strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with an edible orchid.
Build in a shaker, shake hard briefly, strain over rocks glass with fresh rocks.
Build in shaker, add ice, shake briefly don't over dilute
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Swizzle over crushed ice in a Collins or double old fashioned glass, until frosted. Garnish with a pineapple slice and, optionally, an orchard or other edible flower.
Shake all ingredients together, double strain, garnish with a sprig of rosemary.
Stir, strain into absinthe-rinsed glass, twist.
Stir well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Twist orange peel over surface of the drink.
Stir, strain, cordial glass.
Shake everything except tea and tonic. Strain into tall glass. Add tea and tonic.
Stir bourbon, Falernum and bitters with ice and strain into a flute glass. Top with prosecco and add twist.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a pineapple leaf.
Fill in a cobler shaker with all the ingredients and ad ice. Shake well and strain in a frozen Martini glass.  Garnish with an orange twist and a maraschino cherry.
Combine ingredients in shaker with 8 oz crushed ice. Shake and dump into DOF glass, top with additional crushed ice, and garnish with a mint/lime island.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass,  flame orange zest over top and discard.
Stir, strain, highball, rocks, express orange peel and place into glass.
Build in glass over ice, topping with the tonic, and squeezing and dropping in the lemon wedge.
Build first 5 ingredients in a 9oz old-fashioned glass over ice and stir.  Top with tonic.  Garnish with lime.
Stir, strain, garnish.
Shake, strain into cocktail glass.  Squeeze grapefruit peel to release essences, but don't drop in drink.
Mix ingredients in a cocktail shaker w/ ice; shake, strain and pour into stemless wine glass w/ a king cube.  Garnish with an expressed slice of lemon peel.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir ingredients with ice, strain into rocks glass with one large cube.  Using an atomizer, spray Grand Marnier mist into a flame held above the rim of the glass to coat the surface of the drink with Grand Marnier Fire.  No Garnish.
Muddle 2 sprigs of mint with the vermouth and absinthe.  Add the gin.  Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with stuffed olive and remaining mint sprig.
Blend at high speed for five seconds, pour un-strained into a tall glass, top with ice.
Stir, strain, up, top with club soda to taste.
Stir, strain, chilled coupe or cocktail glass.  Expressed lemon peel and discard.
Stir with ice. Strain. Garnish with circular orange twist cut with pith for floatation.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, Strain over a large rock, garnish.
Shake, strain over ice in a highball, top with soda, optionally garnish with a citrus twist or wedge.
Rinse an old fashioned glass with Laphroaig
Shake, serve over rocks or cracked ice. Garnish with cocktail cherry.
In a Collins glass, add the 2.5-3oz of Weissbier. Separately, in a mixing glass, add all remaining ingredients.
Stir; strain; rocks; twist.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the sherry, Aperol and 2 dashes of bitters and shake well. Strain into a chilled flute. Top with the Prosecco and garnish with a dash of bitters and the lemon twist.
Shake all but Cava and orange peel and strain into a Champagne flute. Top with bubbly and drop in twist.
Rinse coupe with Creme de Cacao. Shake all ingredients for 20 seconds (you're looking to have a bit more dilution than normal to bring out the woodyness of the Cassis) except garnish and double strain into coupe. Express long twist of lemon peel and rest across the drink.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, top with soda, garnish with a lemon wheel, an orange slice, and grapes.
Muddle lemon zest in mixing glass, add ingredients, shake, strain, up
Shake, fine strain, up, garnish with a tattooed lime wedge.
Stir, strain, up.
Peel the orange and place the peel around the inside of a cocktail glass rimmed with sugar. Stir and strain the cocktail into the prepared glass.
Build in Mojito style glass, add crushed ice & swizzle. Add more ice & top with bitters. Garnish with mint sprig.
Blend for 10 seconds, pour into tiki mug, Garnish with gardenia and a pearl.
Shake with ice, strain, enjoy.
Shake, up, coupe. Twist & drop.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake the ingredients so that the pineapple may work its foamy magic.  Shake with ice and double strain into a chilled coupe.  Enjoy the odd flavour mash up.  The Aperol acts like a dry sponge, mopping up all of the sweetness from the Patron XO, leaving only good vibes on the palate.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake/up/no garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain into a mason jar over fresh ice, top with chinotto, garnish with mint and two blackberries.
Stir, strain into old fashioned glass with a large cube or sphere. Garnish with grapefruit peel.
Muddle the strawberry and shake with remaining ingredients; strain into a glass with crushed ice, garnish with another strawberry.
Shake; double strain into coupe. No Garnish
Shake, double strain, lime twist.
Shake with one cup of crushed ice, strain into glass with crushed ice. Garnish tiki style.
Stir and strain (or build if you're lazy like me) in a glass with a giant rock, twist an orange peel over and drop it in.
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Stir ingredients over ice, serve straight in chilled, absinthe rinsed glass.
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon peel.
Shake, strain, rocks, soda.
Shake everything but the soda water. Strain in a glass  over fresh ice. Top with soda water. Garnish with a mint leaf (and a strawberry if available)
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, low-ball, ice chunk, garnish 3 drops bitters
Long stir (20 seconds), strain into a small tulip wineglass.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe.
Stir/strain/up, lemon twist highly recommended.
Stir, strain, neat.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, serve up & float
Stir, strain over one large rock, garnishing with salt and powdered coffee on the ice cube such that it enters the drink as it dilutes (a la Little Giuseppe/Little Valiant).
Shake and Strain everything (minus 1 slice of smoked pepper for garnish) into a chilled cocktail glass.


Shake, stain, rocks, lowball, float.
Muddle 1 cucumber slice with the gin and lime, and strain into an ice filled copper mule mug. Top with ginger beer, and garnish with a new cucumber slice
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Stir, strain, up, fat twist.
Stir, strain into an absinthe-rinsed tulip glass, express and drop in twist.
Stir, strain, coupe.
Rock glass, stir, serve.
Stir, strain up, garnish
Build in a julep cup, topping with crushed ice, garnish with woken and yuzu bitters-aromatized mint, nestle a straw inside the mint.
Shake over ice and fine strain into rinsed coupe
Muddle two slices of peeled cucumber in a mixing glass. Add tequila, Cynar, Drambuie and stir well with ice. Rinse a chilled glass with green Chartreuse. Double strain into prepared glass and express and discard lemon twist. Garnish with thin cucumber slice.
In saucepan, heat simple syrup with earl gray and herb sprigs over low heat.  Crush leaves with a muddler as you stir.  Filter.  Put syrup in mixing glass and add fresh lemon juice, rye, and ice.  Shake for 15 seconds.  Pour into cocktail glass.  Garnish with cherry and lemon slice.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish.
Combine, stir, strain, savor
Shake and strain, lemon peel.
Shake all with ice, coupé.
Stir first three ingredients without ice and put to one side. Separately shake passionfruit juice and umeshu with ice and double strain into Martini glass. Float whisky mixture on top.
Build in a shaker except port, and shake hard briefly.  Strain into a collins glass and fill with crushed ice. Float port on top.  Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake, strain, up. Optionally, garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Iced and strained to cocktail glass, then squeeze oil of piece of lemon therein.
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish with a curled carrot peel and a spritz of carrot eau de vie.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Combine ingredients in a shaker and fill with ice cubes; shake until chilled, about 10 seconds. Fine-strain into a chilled coupe; garnish with grapefruit twist.
Shake, strain, serve over soda and ice shard in a Collins.
Stir (yes: stir), strain, rocks, garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, coupe, sprinkle garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake everything with ice until the tin is frosty. Double strain into a chilled coupe.
Gently throw back and forth between both tins of the shaker and strain into a chilled coupe. Attach the garnish to the rim of the glass with a small clothes pin.
Stir, strain, up. Coupe, chilled.
Shake, strain over fresh ice in a Collins, top with soda, float bitters and insert orange peel as garnish.
Shake on ice, strain in vessel of choice.
Shake all ingredients except Parfait d’Amour. Pour in hurricane glass fillled with cracked ice. Float Parfait d’Amour. Garnish with a fruit stick.
Muddle the blackberries and sage with the lemon juice and simple. Add remaining ingredients, shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with a grapefruit peel, expressed.
Shake and fine strain into a coupe or punch glass.
Stir, strain, rock, lowball
Muddle mint, blackberries and agave. Shake and strain with remaining ingredients. Garnish with mint sprig.
Shake ingredients (except bitters and root beer) without ice, then with ice. Strain into highball glass, top with root beer and bitters, and garnish with cherries.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, lemon peel garnish
Shake and strain into a rocks glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Wet shake all ingredients except soda. Double strain into a Collins glass with ice. Top with club soda. Garnish with a cranberry and orange slice on a pick
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Lemon twist, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake hard and long, strain, up.
Soak three habanero peppers, halved, in up to 3 cups of rum until appropriately spicy. Blend pineapple juice, coconut milk and banana. Shake with rum and ice. Garnish with nutmeg.
Stir, strain over one rock in a rocks glass, express and insert lemon twist.
Put the alcohol and one sprig of the rosemary in a mixing glass and relax. Go make another drink or something, enjoy yourself. You've earned it! Come back, stir with ice and strain down. Garnish with the other sprig.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a pinch of cayenne powder.
Combine lime juice with basil and cucumber. Muddle. Add agave, bitters and Chartreuse. Shake and double strain into rocks glass over ice. Garnish with lime wheel.
Stir, strain, flamed orange peel as garnish.
Stir and strain. Orange peel garnish.
Dry shake, shake w/ ice, double strain into a chilled coupe
Shake, strain, chilled coupe, garnish
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist, optionally garnish with a brandied cherry.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Build in a highball, top with tonic water, garnish with twist, serve with straw.
Shake with ice, strain, serve up in a cocktial glass, garnish with lemon twist
Stir with ice and fill with sparkling water; serve in a goblet. Alternatively, shake and strain over soda.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake, strain, up, coupe.
Muddle, build in glass over crushed ice, stir, top with more crushed ice, a honeysuckle blossom or other fragrant flower, and (Punch's addition) a lemon wheel.
Shake, strain into a coupe, up.
Add all ingredients to a shaker and shake well with cracked ice. Strain into a chilled coupe glass and garnish with a sprig of lavender.
Tear fresh sage leaves into mixing glass before adding the  liquid ingredients, saving the pineapple juice for a second shake with ice, pour over rocks into a globe shaped wine glass
Shake, strain.
Stir, strain, rock, twists.
Combine cranberry juice and orgeat in mixing glass. Stir to dissolve orgeat. Pour over ice-filled highball glass. Top with ginger beer.
Stir, strain, rocks
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, top with beer.
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Stir. Straight up. Cocktail glass. Add a mandarine (or orange) twist.
Muddle lime wedges in  bottom of a mixing glass. Add spirits, bitters and ice. Shake, strain into a lowball glass w/ fresh ice. Garnish with a twist
Shake, pour unstrained into a Collins, top with more mint and a lemon wheel.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail
Add first four ingredients to a shaker tin, add ice, shake, before straining into glass, add last ingredient and swirl contents in tin to mix. Strain into a collins glass, add fresh ice. Garnish with a pretty mint bouquet.
Dry shake, shake, strain over IPA, twist.
Shake (including beer), strain over soda in a Collins.
Add liquers and juices to a ice filled cocktail shaker; shake hard.  In an apéritif glass add 1 dropper of hop bitters to rinse the glass.  Strain, pour and serve
Build over ice in a Collins glass.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twists.
Heat cider & mix ingredients in Irish Coffee glass
Heat everything but the Rum. Strain into a cup and add the rum. Stir.
Zest rind from a grapefruit, a lemon, lime and orange into a bowl of sugar, let sit for a couple hours, stirring occasionally. Dissolve sugar into lemon juice. Add to other ingredients in a punchbowl. Add a block of ice and circles of lemons. Drop some pomegranate seeds onto lemons. Edible flower garnish optional. Serves four to six.
30 second stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, flame garnish, drop in drink
Combine, muddle, shake, strain into an old fashioned glass over one big ice cylinder, insert a slapped mint sprig.
Mix butter and sugar in warm mug, add rum, top with boiling water; sprinkle with cinnamon.
Combine Fernet Branca, Allspice Dram, gin, honey syrup, and egg yolk in shaker.
Combine all the ingredients in a mixing glass or teapot and allow to steep for approx. 3 minutes Pour out through a tea-strainer into the glass 
Muddle, shake, pour without straining, garnish with another lime wedge or more chili slices.
Shake all but ginger beer hard for 10 seconds, strain over fresh ice in a highball glass, top with ginger beer, serve with straw.
Boil 3 oz water.  Into a mug, add the water, honey, lemon juice, and tea bag.  Let steep for a few minutes, then add the bourbon.  If desired, add a cinnamon stick or shave a little fresh nutmeg
Muddle, stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir over Ice, strain, rock, garnish with candied bacon.
Build in a mug, topping with hot chocolate, and garnish with mint sprig.
Build in pre-heated Irish Coffee glass, dissolve sugar in boiling water, add remaining ingredients and stir.
Use a glass or ceramic mug.  Build everything but the hot water, then add as much hot water as you'd like, depending on taste.  No garnish yet...maybe lemon zest or a lemon twist.
Stir with ice.  Strain into a stemmed glass.
Stir, strain, serve up in a sherry glass.
Build in a London dock glass and fill with hot water.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Stir, rocks, lowball
Pour between two glasses, no ice. Express orange oil on one glass, pour, and hang peel as garnish
Shake, strain, up or rock.
Combine in mixing glass over ice, stir for 30 secs, strain into coupe.
Shake; strain; up.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist an orange peel over the top and drop it in.
Stir NJPPK and water to make runny. Add lime & muddle. Add bourbon (or brandy), 2 mint sprigs, and bitters (if using). Shake, strain, rocks. Garnish with remaining mint.
Combine in Collins, fill with crushed ice, swizzle, garnish with orange wheel.
Shake ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with the lime wheel.
Stir on big rock. Add the garnish.
Stir. Strain. Up. Flamed orange twist.
Shake, strain, crushed ice, mint.
Shake over ice and double strain.
Put all ingredients into a shaker and shake with ice. Strain over large cube or sphere of ice. Garnish with the peel of an orange.
Fill a pint glass with cracked ice. Add the bourbon and cherry Heering and stir well. Strain the drink into a chilled coupe.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake with ice & strain into a cocktail glass
Shake w. Crushed Ice and pour unstrained into a Hurricane Glass or Tiki Mug
Shake, strain over ice into a hurricane glass, garnish with an orange slice or lime wedge.
Dry shake all ingredients apart from bitters. Add ice. Shake. Strain into fancy glass. Decorate foam with a few dashes of bitters.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a double rocks glass, garnish with mint and an orange half wheel.
Stir, strain, rock(s).
Combine cantaloupe-infused mezcal with other ingredients, shake and strain into a coupe.  Garnish with 1 cantaloupe ice sphere.
Stir/Strain/Up
Stir/strain/up/lemon twist
Stir/strain/up/lemon twist
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Muddle and strain over crushed ice. Garnish lavishly with fruit in season. Serve with straw.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Build in a London dock glass and fill with hot water.
Shake briefly, strain, lowball, rock, top with Champagne, garnish with grapefruit slice dusted a bit of fresh cinnamon.
Stir, strain, rocks w/ 1 lg cube, garnish.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish with a dried chile de arbol.
Stir over ice; strain into a coupe and express the oil from a swath of orange peel.
Stir cognac, elderflower liqueur, and bitters with ice.  Strain into a coupe glass and express orange oil over the drink.
Shake, strain over a big rock, splash, garnish.
Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.Garnish with grapfruiut twist.
Shake without ice, pour into Collins with ice, top with ginger beer.
Take a large champagne cocktail glass and ice it well.  Split a green lime, or lemon, lengthwise and rub its combined oils and juices over the whole inside of the crystal, and then on out and down a full 1/2" below the rim.  First dip into powdered sugar, then fill the whole glass with the sugar-emptying it out and permitting what sticks to remain. . . Now in a bar glass add 2 dashes of orange bitters, 1 jigger cognac and 3/4 oz of Kummel, stirring for a moment with 3 ice cubes.  Empty into goblet, fill with chilled dry champagne, toss in a scarlet rose petal and think of slender, pliable Russian Princesses and things!
Shake, strain, up.
Shake without ice for 30 seconds, then with ice and strain. Garnish with shaved orange curls
Muddle mint and blackberries in honey syrup, add the other ingredients excepting sparkling wine and garnishes, shake, fine strain into a flute or Collins, top with wine, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with olive.
Toss fluids into tall goblet over ice, chuck in a wedge of lime, fill goblet with seltzer, stir lightly.
Lemon rind, expressed, rim glass with it, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, express oil and drop into drink
Stir, strain, one large rock.
Stir, strain into a sake masu (or, you know, not that).
Combine liquid ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass and stir until cold. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Cut a thin slice of lemon zest over the surface of the drink and drop it into the glass.
Swizzle all but the garnishes with the delicate force of a ballerina ice giant. Garnish like you’re an herb goddess.
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Build over ice, stir, strain over fresh rocks. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up in a cocktail glass.
Shake ingredients (except Cola) and double-strain over fresh ice. Top with 2 oz high quality Cola and garnish with a lime wheel.
Stir, strain, cocktail.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle lemon peel with cane syrup and bitters in serving glass, add bourbon and ice, and stir. Float mezcal and express lemon oils from another twist over the top.
Stir, strain, rock, orange twist.
Mix all, including cucumber and dill.in shaker and shake. Fine strain over fresh ice into highball glass. Garnish with fresh cucumber and dill sprig.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with grated orange zest or orange flower water.
Shake alll but beer, strain, Collins glass, rocks, top with beer, garnish.
Muddle, shake, double strain over Champagne in a coupe, garnish with a slapped sprig of thyme.
Stir(!!), strain, up, lemon twist
Stir, strain.
Stir over ice and strain into rinsed glass. Garnish.
Dry shake all but nutmeg to incorporate speculoos. Add ice and shake till chilled, double strain into a lowball glass, and garnish with nutmeg
Stir, strain, straight up cocktail, garnish
Shake, strain into a flute, top with sparkling wine, garnish.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir ingredients over ice for at least 30 seconds in a mixing glass, strain into a chilled coupe, finish with a spritz of oil from a fresh orange peel; don't drop the peel in.
Pour each into cocktail shaker.  Shake well and pour into chilled martini glass.  Garnish with lemon peel.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Muddle concord grapes, add other ingredients with ice, and shake. Strain into coupe.
Stir it all up in an ice-filled glass an enjoy!
Shake all with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up, optional mint leaf garnish.
Shake all but the soda and strain into a crushed ice-filled Tiki mug or highball glass. Top with the soda and garnish with a mint sprig.
Stir over ice, then strain into a chilled coupe. No garnish.
Shake.  Strain into rocks glass.  Garnish with a piece of candied ginger.
Shake, strain, rock, garnish.
Combine in a cocktail shaker with ice, shake vigorously and strain into a chilled coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, pour into whatever's handy, garnish with a cinnamon stick and nutmeg, decorate lavishly with fruit that's not quite fresh.
Shake and strain over ice in a DOF; garnish.
Build in Julep tin, add crushed ice, swizzle til frost forms, add more crushed ice, garnish with mint sprayed with Allspice Dram and expressed orange peel.
Shake with ice, strain, and serve.
Stir, strain up or onto a rock, grapefruit peel.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, pour into a hurricane glass, garnish, serve with straw.
Add all the ingredients to a mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir, and strain into an Old Fashioned glass filled with fresh ice. Garnish with a cherry and an orange slice or twist.
Build in a shaker, Shake, strain into a chilled, stemmed glass
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Dry shake, shake, coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake all ingredients except IPA with ice and strain into a tall cocktail glass. Top with IPA. Garnish with an orange slice.
Stir, up, garnish
Pre-warm the glass with hot water and discard. Add liquid ingredients, stir, top with a thumb's width of whipped cream and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Ice. Stir with ice. Strain.
Build in a glass over ice.
Preheat the mug, add the sugar and the brandy. 
In a shaker, muddle the cucumber slices. Add remaining ingredients and fill shaker with ice. Shake vigorously, and fine-strain into a chilled rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a cucumber slice.
Stir ingredients and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Rim glass with twist and garnish.
Muddle cucumber, Shake, Coupe glass, Garnish with thin slice of cucumber
Shake all but soda, dry shake, strain over soda, garnish, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake, shake, strain, down, rocks glass, small grind nutmeg as garnish
Build in a Collins over crushed ice, swizzle, garnish with a pineapple sage sprig and a wedge of grilled pineapple.
Stir, strain
Shake, strain over one large ice cube in a mustache cup* or highball, top with vanilla cream soda, garnish.
Shake well, strain over one rock in an Old Fashioned, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, swizzle to frost glass, garnish with slapped mint sprig.
Dry shake and then add ice and double fine strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with one dash of Angostura.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, top with ginger beer, garnish.
Stir. Strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with an orange twist.
Build in a salt-rimmed old fashioned glass over ice and stir.
Shake, strain, up, Nick-and-Nora glass, garnish.
Stir with ice to combine - not so much for chilling/dilution - this chould be cool, not cold. Strain into a spirits glass (something with a bowl).
Build in a Collins with ice. Top and garnish.
Shake; strain; up; garnish.
Stir first four ingredients to dissolve. Express lemon oils and drop in. Stir with ice, strain, up, garnish.
Stir and strain the first three ingredients into a chilled cocktail glass, and mist with kirschwasser loaded in an atomizer. Serve unadorned.

Stir all ingredients in an ice-filled glass and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a lemon wedge.
Stir, strain, flame orange peel and discard
Stir all ingredients with ice. Strain into coupe glass. No Garnish.
Combine the first two ingrediens and stir with ice in a mug. Top with more ice and the ginger beer. Garnish.
Muddle sugar cube in a rocks glass. Add rest of the ingredients.Stir with a large cube and Garnish with Citrus Twists.
Build booze in Collins glass. Add ice, stir to chill. Top with soda and garnish with orange swath
Shake, strain, rocks, top with lambic, garnish with pomegranate seeds.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain into a Collins over crushed ice, garnish with a crazy, feathered orange peel, serve with straw.
Combine all ingredients except soda in a shaker with ice, shake, strain into an ice-filled collins glass, add soda and stir. Garnish with peach wedge.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Garnish with orange if desired
Shake, serve up in Collins glass, topped w/ soda
In an ice filled cocktail shaker, add liquor, shrub, juice, orange peel and bitters and shake until well chilled. Strain and pour into a chilled martini glass, and garnish with a twist of orange.
Shake, strain, up.

Stir, strain over one large rock.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake & strain all but cider. Up or rocks, glass of choice. Top with cider. Gentle stir. Garnish with cherry, if desired.
Shake with ice, strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with lime peel.
Shake, strain, straight-up, cocktail glass.  Also excellent on the rocks in a double old fashioned glass.  Thin grapefruit wedge garnish (optional).
Stir with ice, pour over large ice cube

Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a cherry flag.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine at room temperature and stir until acid is dissolved. Stir with cracked ice, strain, serve up, express and discard lime peel.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, twist.
In a metal mixing bowl or cocktail shaker add the egg white and rose syrup and--using a mini frother--aerate until you have soft peaks; set aside.  Add gin, Crème Yvette, and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker filled with ice; shake until cold; strain and pour into a coupe glass.  Gently spoon the rose meringue on top of the cocktail and garnish with a cucumber slice on the rim of the glass.
Stir 50 times. Strain into coupe. Garnish with lemon twist.
Shake; strain; up.
Combine, shake and strain over ice,  garinish with a lime peel.
Pulse blend all but boba for 5 seconds; pour un-strained into a tall glass with boba. Garnish with a paper umbrella through a lemon wheel. Serve with a wide straw.
Shake, strain, serve up, orange twist garnish
In a shaker, combine 1 1/2 oz. each gin and fresh grapefruit juice, 1/4 oz. lemon juice, and 3/4 oz. Luxardo maraschino. Shake with ice and strain into a double rocks glass filled with fresh ice. Top with 3/4 oz. Fernet Branca.
Build over cubed ice in a rocks glass, stirring enough to combine the ingredients without melting the ice too much. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir and strain into a coupe glass and flame an orange twist over the drink.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain over rocks, splash rosé, garnish with strawberry and/or lime wedge.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled coupe or an old fashioned glass with ice. Garnish with a cocktail cherry.
Shake, strain into an old fashioned over ice, garnish.
Shake, strain over one big rock, garnish.
Mix, shake, strain, coupe.
Shake with lots of crushed ice.  Garnish with fresh pineapple
Stir; strain; rocks; garnish.
Stir; strain into DOF with one big rock
On the rocks
Stir with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass
Shaken, on the rocks, garnish with lime wedge.
Place all ingredients in an ice-filled shaker and go to town.  Pour (don't strain) into a Collins glass.  Fill with ice and garnish with a mint sprig
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, double strain, up, garnish with grated lime zest if desired.
Combine all in shaker, add ice, and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Dry shake, shake with ice, double strain in a coupe, garnish with one basil leaf
Muddle allspice, mix, shake, strain in rock glass, ice. Straw.
Blend for no more than 5 seconds, pouring without straining into a pilsner or specialty glass, add more crushed ice to top, serve with straw.
Dry Shake all ingredients save the Angostura to a frenzied froth.  Add your ice and re-shake to desired dilution and temperature.  Double strain into a coupe and add two dots of angostura on top of the egg white foam, drawing curved lines with a slim straw or tooth pick.
Shake, strain, up, lime twist
Put 4 ice cubes into a ~12 oz tall glass.  Add absinthe,gin,bitters,lemon juice and swirl around to mix.  Top off glass with tonic water.  Stir and serve.
Shake, strain, garnish with a lemon twist.
In a quart mason jar (or pint glass) full of ice, add liqueur, shrub & bitters.  Top off with soda, stir, garnish, and serve
Stir with cracked ice like a mint julep, grate a flicker of nutmeg on top, place a plump-with-booze homemade cherry on top.
Shake and strain into cocktail glass. Add chunk of pineapple
Shake, strain over cracked ice, garnish.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Ice, Shake, Strain, Coupe
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled Old Fashioned glass. Garnish with an orange twist. Serve neat.
Shake with ice and strain into a small wineglass with a sugar-coated rim. Garnish with a wide lime peel looped around the inside of the glass' opening.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
In a highball glass with cube ice, mix gin and a splash of St-Germaine elderflower liqueur. Top with ginger beer and swizzle well. Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake all ingredients except club soda, strain into Collins glass over a few ice cubes, top with the chilled club soda.
Dry shake, wet shake, strain into a chilled cocktail coupe
Shake, strain over ginger beer and ice shard in a tall glass or copper mug, garnish with apple slice, lime wheel, or both.
Pour ingredients into a cocktail shaker; fill with ice, and shake well for 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass; garnish with a cherry.
Stir all ingredients over ice then strain into a double rocks glass over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with the lemon & orange twists.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an astonishingly thin slice of cucumber.
Combine first five ingredients in shaker tin, add ice, shake. Strain into double old fashioned glass, add fresh ice. Top with one ounce of soda water. Garnish by generously grating a fresh cinnamon stick over drink.
Build in double old-fashioned glass filled with cracked ice, garnish.
Blend at high speed for no more than 5 seconds. Pour un-strained into an old-fashioned glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, express, twist.
Shake/strain/up/Orange or Grapefruit zest.
Fill a big 16 oz thin crystal goblet with finely cracked ice.  In the diametrical center of the frosty mass add a lump of sugar well saturated with Angostura, then add cognac, then fill the glass with chilled champagne, finally floating the chartreuse on top.  Please refrain from garnishing!
Stir over ice, serve up with extracted lemon peel
Build in an ice filled 14oz Collins glass: add liquor, juice & bitters. Add club and stir. Garnish with a large folded wheel of orange
Combine gin, lemon juice, Creme Yvette, Chartreuse, and grenadine in a shaker tin with ice, shake vigorously and strain into an ice filled highball glass.  Top with Prosecco and a orange twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice and shake vigorously.  Serve over fresh ice in an old fashioned glass
Build over ice and stir. Garnish botanically.
Dry shake Canton, Jameson & egg white for ~10 seconds; add ice and shrub and shake till well chilled. Strain into a (8 oz) glass Irish coffee mug and top with tonic--enough to force the meringue over the lip
Stir over ice, strain into a coupe. No garnish.
Add rye and bitters to tall glass with ice. Top each drink with half a can of San Pellegrino Pompelmo. No need to stir.
Stir, strain, straight up with lemon peel.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, Collins glass, rocks, garnish
Stir and serve up.
Shake, double strain into chilled coupe, garnish with brandied cherry.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, express lemon twist and add to drink
Shake all but soda water, strain over ice in a Collins, top with soda. Alternately, build in glass and give a quick stir.
Shake first three ingredients and strain over ice in a Collins glass. Layer the black tea above this mix and allow your guest to stir it in with a straw. Garnish.
Shake, strain into a tiki mug over fresh ice, garnish.
Add all ingredients to shaker tin except club soda. Shake and double strain into Collins glass. Add 1 oz. club soda or more to taste. Add ice. Garnish w/orange peel and straw.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, top with a splash of soda, garnish with an orange twist and a lime wedge.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake all ingredients except Hard Apple Cider, strain over ice in collins glass. Fill remainder with the cider. Garnish with apple wheel.
Add all ingredients to a mixing glass, stir until is cold strain in a rock glass over a king ice cube ,garnish with orange peel
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake all ingredients for 5 seconds, add ice and shake vigorously.  Strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with freshly grated cinnamon.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir; strain; up; twist
Add ingredients to mixing glass. Stir with ice until well chilled. Served up or on the rocks.
Fill a pint glass with ice, add the ingredients, stir and add the spent lime shell.
Shake and strain into a goblet with a rim moistened with lemon juice and dipped in coarse sugar.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake.  Up or rocks.  Brandied cherry or lemon twist garnish
Chill a coupe and rinse with Pernod. Dry-shake, then shake with ice and strain.
Stirred with ice, rock glass, large cube, orange peel garnish.
Muddle the Mint, Strawberrys & Bitter. Fill up with Crushed Ice, add 1cl Licor 43 & 1cl Bourbon and stir. Add Crushed Ice and repeat two times.
Muddle, shake, strain into a julep cup over fresh ice, top with slapped mint sprig, serve with metal straw.
Shake first five ingredients, strain them over one big rock, top with Champagne, garnish with nutmeg.
Add all ingredients to shaker, with cream last, shake with one large ice block, strain over crushed ice in a double rocks glass, garnish.
Shake, dump, and garnish.
Sitr first three ingredients with ice, strain into Fernet-rinsed coupe, spank the mint lightly and set it in the glass, half on the rim.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass.  Garnish with lime twist.
Muddle cucumber, salt. Slap the mint. Add rest of ingredients. Let sit for 30 seconds (time allowing). Shake. Strain. Garnish with 1 floating mint leaf and 1 drop rose water on top of leaf, and 3-5 more drops of angostura on the surface of the drink.
Shake well with plenty of ice and pour without straining into an old fashioned glass. Garnish with an orchid and a cherry speared to a lemon and orange wheel.
Stir with ice, strain into a coupe, squeeze and discard the lime twist.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass.
Combine in a pint glass with ice.  Shake vigorously for 20 seconds and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with an edible wild hibiscus flower if you like.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, Strain, Up
First, dissolve sugar in lime juice. Shake/Strain/Serve Up. No Garnish.
Put first 1/2 egg white in the shaker. Next , put the Gin , strega , fresh lemon juice and the homemade syrup. Mix the egg with the other ingredients with a mixer , add ice and shake. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add 4 drops of aromatic bitters and serve
Shake, strain, garnish with mint
Combine in a glass and shake for 5-10 seconds. Add ice and shake for 20-30 seconds. Strain into a cocktail glass and top with grated nutmeg.
Shake with ice, double strain into a coupe, squeeze the lemon twist over the drink and discard, garnish with the star anise
Stir well, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, stain up, garnish
Dry shake all ingredients except nutmeg, then shake and fine strain into an ice filled Colins glass. Grate fresh nutmeg over top.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks, splash soda.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
If not enough Apricot/Lemon, increase both up to 1/4 oz (1 1/2 tsp)
Muddle cucumber, chile, cilantro. Add, gin, lime, simple. Shake, strain, serve in highball filled with ice. Garnish with cucumber slice.
Stir, strain, coupe.  Twist zest and discard.
Shake with ice and strain into chilled coupe, no garnish.
Dry shake all ingredients except grenadine and pour over crushed ice, top with grenadine
Dry shake without soda; shake with soda; serve up in coupe.
Stir, strain, up, float three roasted hazelnuts.
Muddle serrano, tumeric root, tamarind paste, 
Stir, strain, top with soda water
Mix, rinse, rocks, pour, enjoy
Ice. Stir. drink.
Stir, strain, up
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled, Laphroaig 10 rinsed large rocks glass or, ideally, brandy snifter.
Build in a Collins glass, topping with ginger beer, and garnish. Serve with straw.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a rocks or julep cup, garnish with three half lemon wheels and a cinnamon stick, dust with powdered sugar, serve with two long straws.
Shake with ice until very cold, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Pear slice for garnish
Stir ingredients with ice.  Strain into chilled cocktail glass.  No garnish
Rub mint leaf along the inside of the serving glass. Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with a slapped and floated mint leaf.
Add all ingredient to shaker and muddle.  Shake with ice, Strain into glass.
Shake over ice, strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with a wide piece of lemon peel. (No pith)
In a cocktail shaker, combine bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup, egg white and apricot preserves. Shake well with ice, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Rocks.  Build in glass.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
To infuse bourbon: add 1 tsp orange zest and 2 split vanilla beans to bourbon, allow to rest for 48-72 hours.  Strain out orange zest. --- Cocktail:
Build Shake Top off with Soda. 
Cold: shake, strain, stemmed wine glass, twist. Hot: Build in a warmed mug and add 3 oz boiling water. Garnish.
Muddle sugar, bitters, strawberry and lemon. Add bourbon and double strain over ice. Spash with soda water and garnish with Thyme sprig.

Gently muddle the cardamom pods, add the other ingredients. Shake with ice, double strain into a coupe. No garnish.

Combine ingredients in double old fashioned glass, add ice, shake, and pour contents back into glass
Shake, strain, coup.
Stir, serve in Old Fashioned glass, Lemon twist
Dry shake all ingredients but soda water. Shake with ice. Strain into a chilled collins glass with ice. Top with soda water and float an Angostura design.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build in an ice-filled Highball glass with a long Horse's Neck-style orange peel garnish. Top with ~2 oz soda water, stir, and add a straw.
Mix in vessel of choice, add ice, swirl with pinky.  Garnish with any available citrus wedge.
Shake, strain into a Collins over fresh ice and soda, garnish.
Stir, strain, neat, twist.
Shake (stir), strain, cocktail glass
Cut a good-sized oval from the side of a lemon such that it has a high proportion of peel to juice (cut two if you prefer more juice). Squeeze and drop it in, cover with cane syrup, stir to combine, fill glass with crushed ice, pour white whiskey, give a quick stir, let sit for a minute to dilute and mix, drink.
Build over ice in a wine glass.
Chill juices. Build as a scaffa.
Shake, strain, up or rocks.
Stir, strain over one cube in a rocks glass, grapefruit twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned over one large rock, garnish with pineapple and orange slices.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, crushed ice, garnish.
Rinse a chilled coupe with lemon zest and drop the zest in. Stir and strain the cocktail into the coupe, and discard the zest.
Add all drinks to mixing glass and stir. Strain into a coupe. No garnish.
Shake, strain into a Collins over soda and ice.
Shake, strain, rock, slapped mint sprig garnish.
Muddle basil, add rest of ingredients and stir well, for at least 30 seconds to ensure basil essence is well incorporated. Pour over large ice cube.
Shake Cynar, lemon, simple, and mint.  Strain over ice; top champagne.
Shake, fine strain, up, twist.
Shake first five ingredients; add soda and strain over fresh ice in a Collins; garnish.
Stir, add a splash of lemon if so inclined.  Serve on a rock.
Place crème de cassis in a wine glass and top up with wine
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Light shake, strain into champagne flute, top with prosecco, thinly sliced cucumber garnish
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up or on the rocks
Shake first 3 ingredients, strain into a flute, top with Champagne.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, ice, garnish with fruit.
Shake, strain over ice and soda.
In a shaker, muddle mint leaves and lemon. Add Bourbon and syrup and shake. Strain into a coupe, top with cider, garnish with a mint leaf.
Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice and shake well to emulsify the egg.  Serve in frosted London dock glass and dust with nutmeg and orange zest.
Shake, strain, rocks, low-ball
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
In a mixing glass, combine blended scotch, ginger liqueur, and bitters, then fill with ice and stir just until chilled, about 20 seconds.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.

Stir/strain/up/mosh
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled coupe glass.
Shake, strain into glass with crushed ice, garnish.  Coconut mug recommended.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a lime twist spiral.
Stir with ice, strain into rocks glass with single cube, sprinkle a few flakes of Maldon sea salt on cube, garnish with grapefruit peel.
Shake twice, angostura bitters to top
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build in a shaker, add large ice cubes.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a lime wheel or lime wedge.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a mint sprig.
Shake ingredients with ice; strain and serve.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, Rocks, Cocktail
Muddle kumquats in liqueur. Stir to combine and fine strain over packed ice in a julep cup, topping with Champagne, more ice, and a slapped mint sprig. Serve with straw.
Shake, strain over rocks.
Stir. Coupe. No garnish
Shake, strain, up, float mint.
Stir, strain, one large cube in chilled rocks glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Heavily macerate three slices cucumber, two sugar cubes.
Build over crushed iced. Garnish
In a pint glass add all ingredients except soda water.  Cover and shake vigorously for 15 to 20 seconds.  Add ice, shake vigorously for 20 seconds more.  Strain into a chilled goblet or delmonico glass with no ice.  Top with soda water and garnish with a cucumber slice and lavender sprig.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Stir all the ingredients with ice cubes and strain into a chilled coupe. Squeeze a piece of lemon peel over the drink, lightly rub over the rim of the glass and drop it in.
Shake all ingredients with ice until tin is frosty.  Coupe. Garnish with swirled drops of Peychaud's.
Shake over ice, serve up with a lemon twist
Shake everything except the curacao and double strain into a coupe, "float" curacao, which will sink to the bottom and layer.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, garnish
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with an andouille sausage wheel.
Muddle peach in a shaker tin. Add all ingredients and shake with ice. Double-strain into a coupe.
Shake Canton, bourbon and lemon juice with ice; pour into chilled coupe glass. Add champagne, and garnish with a twist.
Stir. Strain over fresh ice in glass of your choice. Garnish. Sip. Repeat.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain into a small goblet over crushed ice.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine all ingredients, add ice, stir until chilled, strain into double rocks glass with large ice.
Shake everything but the soda, strain into an ice filled Collins glass, top with soda, garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain over soda in a Collins.
Shake, double-strain, rocks, double old-fashioned, garnish
Combine, stir with ice, strain into absinthe-rinsed chilled glass.
Add 4 cubes of ice to rocks glass. Add other ingredients. Stir gently
Shake, strain, rocks glass
Build in highball glass, muddling mint, adding crushed ice and other ingredients, and swizzling. Top with bitters and mint sprig.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build in a rocks glass with a large rock. Be sure to use Mendoza or some other sherry-tastin' Spanish brandy.
Shake, strain, garnish with a lime wheel.
Stir, strain, coupe, flamed lemon twist.
Shake and double strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with lemon wheel.
Shake with crushed ice and pour unstrained into DOF glass.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Muddle 2 blackberries with Maraschino and lemon juice. Add rest of the ingredients and ice. Stir and double strain into a rocks glass with fresh ice. Garnish with an orange peel-blackberry flag on a cocktail pick.
Shake on Ice, Strain
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice. Strain into a lowball with large single cube. Garnish with an orange peel.
Shaken with ice, double strained.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Rinse, dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Splash ingredients together in vessel of choice, add a wintry mix of frozen water
Shake all ingredients, double strain into chilled cocktail glass
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, goblet, garnish.
Shake over ice and double-strain into a chilled coupette.
Place 3 sprigs of cilantro in a mixing glass and press with muddler to release oils.  Add remainder of ingredients and dry shake vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify egg white.  Add ice and shake again for five seconds to chill.  Fine strain into a chilled coupe glass and drip three drops of bitters in a row. Pull a martini pick through drops to make three hearts.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, straight up
Stir, strain into a chimney over fresh ice and bubbles, drop in orange slice and fruit in season, serve with straw. Garnish with lemon wedge and squeeze in to taste.
Fill a double old fashioned glass with ice and a small amount of Absinthe. Stir the Rum, Sugar Cane Syrup and bitters in an ice filled shaker glass. Dump the ice from the old fashioned glass and rotate the glass to ensure that the rinse coats the entire inside of the glass. Strain into the glass.
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass with a large cube. Garnish the ice cube with a pinch of salt and garnish the drink with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake and strain into an ice filled parfait glass.  Garnish with a sprig of fresh lavender.
Prep rock's glass by rinsing with Fernet and place in cooler.  In a mixing glass combine remaining ingredients and ice.  Stir until well chilled.  Remove rocks glass from cooler and strain into glass.
Shake, strain into rocks glass with one giant ice cube seasoned with R&W
Build in a double old fashion glass over cracked ice.  Garnish with a blood orange wheel.
Shake, strain, up. Lemon twist, if desired.
Add lime juice, agave syrup and pepper to mixing tin and muddle.  Add tequila, gin, and Chartreuse and shake. Fine strain into a Collins filled with ice, top with club soda.
Shake and strain into an ice-filled rocks glass.
(Drink is a work in progress)
Shake, strain, garnish with a lemon twist.
Lightly muddle mint in simple. Add other ingredients and shake with ice. Double strain and serve up.
Shake or stir and strain into a cocktail glass. No garnish.
Add all to shaker, add ice, and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir with ice & serve up or on the rocks (your choice).
Combine all ingredients into a stirring glass, add ice, stir for 25 seconds. Strain into a coupe.
Shake all ingredients over ice, double strain in chilled cocktail glass. Dust smoked paprika over the top.
Stir brandy, marashino liqueur, aromatic bitters, and lime juice. Top mixture with ginger beer. Garnish with lime twirl if you want it too impress.
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir and strain into cocktail glass. Twist lemon peel on top.
Stir, strain, up.
Dry shake with ardor to emulsify the egg white. Add ice, shake again, and strain into a cocktail glass. Decorate with a few drops of Peychaud's bitters.
Shake, strain into a tall glass over bubbly.
Shake rum,drambuie,lemon juice.  Pour unstrained into lowball glass. Top with tonic water.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Dry shake, shake, strain, top slowly with soda.
Shake, strain, straight up, sugar-rimmed cocktail glass.
Build over ice, stir, strain, up
Chill a Cocktail glass.
Stir, strain into Nick & Nora, twist, garnish.
Mix and shake. Serve on the rocks in a martini bowl or lowball glass. Twist of lemon.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain into a coupe or cocktail glass, and garnish with flamed orange oils from a twist.
Shake and Strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Swizzle.

Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake and pour over ice into highball glass. Garnish with lemon twist and mint.
Stir all ingredients over ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange peel.
Dry shake, shake with cubed ice, fine strain, flute, grate nutmeg.
Combine all ingredients, add ice and stir.  Strain into cocktail coupe and serve up.
Shake, strain, serve straight up, granish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine ingredients in iced tumbler or shaker.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with a bit of matcha powder and a dill sprig.
Shake, fine strain, rocks.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir; strain; up.
Build over crushed ice, swizzle. Garnish with a slapped mint sprig and a Luxardo cherry wrapped in a lemon peel. Serve with straw.
Combine all ingredients in a dry shaker and shake.  Add crushed ice and shake again.  strain into collins glass.  Top with soda.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake and strain, cherry garnish
Infuse the tea in the vermouth for 90 minutes, strain, and refrigerate. Add the chilled vermouth to a punch bowl over a block of ice with the other ingredients, topping with the soda and garnishing with grated cinnamon, nutmeg, and apple slices. Optionally, garnish individual servings with cinnamon sticks and apple slices.
Create a "louche" with Absinthe and Water. Slowly pour on top of "Negroni" as a floater.
Shake first three. Pour unstrained into small rocks glass. Float blackstrap.
Shake on ice, strain in snifter.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain into glass.
Fill a highball glass w/ ice, mix and stir. Garnish w/ a lime wheel
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Short shake with a few pieces of ice and strain over crushed ice in a Collins glass. Add the garnish and a straw.
Shake, strain, up, garnish
Chop half the peach into cubes for muddling and slice the other half for garnish. Muddle the peach in maple and vanilla, add other liquids and shake with five cubes, dump, top with more ice, garnish with peach slices, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake, strain into a tall glass over ice, top with soda, garnish with mint sprig and lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, twist
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, float champagne
Shake & Double Strain, Chilled Cocktail Glass & Rosemary Crowned
Add to the shaker lemongrass, muddle it. Put into the same shaker BACARDI, raspberry, lime juice and sugar. Stir all until sugar disolved. Put a lot of ice cube and crushed ice and shake virguosly. Open the shaker add basil leaves, stir well and double strain into the chilled glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish
Stir with ice 50 times, strain into a chilled chilled cocktail glass, and garnish with a flamed orange peel.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Muddle the jalapeño with the maple syrup. Add everything else, then shake with ice and fine-strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a flamed orange twist.
Mix all ingredients together and stir for at least 30 seconds, strain into a coupe glass.
Muddle bitters & sugar, add liquids, stir, strain into rinsed glass, garnish.
Build in a highball glass, stir with large ice, then add more ice if needed and a pinch of coarse salt to a large ice cube or top of ice ball above the surface of the liquid
Stir, strain, straight up, garnish
Add ingredients to shaker with ice, shake thoroughly, double-strain in to 5oz cocktail glass. No garnish.
Pour over hand hewn ice ball in double old fashioned glass, stir, top with pinch of salt
In an ice filled Collins glass add all ingredients and stir
Combine all ingredients in cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well, and strain into coupe or Nick and Nora glass.
Shake, strain over a rock, top with beer or bubbly.
Shake all ingredients
Build in a rocks glass, add a large ice cube, and stir to chill. Garnish with a pinch of salt.
Shake. Up. No garnish.
Shake without, then with ice, strain into highball glass, top with ginger beer.  Orange twist.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir and strain into a coupe glass.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a tiki mug, garnish elaborately with a lizard king made from pineapple leaves, a lime disk, lemon peel, and two maraschino cherries.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir,strain in a frozen cocktail glass, add lemon twist.
Rinse, stir, strain, rock, twist.
shake, serve up
Muddle strawberry, shake all but soda water, Collins glass with ice, top with soda
Shake, strain, up
Combine lemon and blackberries. Muddle. Add remaining ingredients. Shake. Serve in rocks glass over ice.
Build in a Collins glass over ice, and garnish with a piece of candied ginger.
Shake all over ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with cucumber slice.
Shake, fine strain, garnish with a floated curry leaf.

Stir with ice, on the rocks
Build in a rocks glass half-full of ice. Stir. Twist a lemon peel over the top, rub it around the rim, and drop it in.
Combine all ingredients, except champagne in mixing glass with ice and stir.  Strain into coupe glass and top with champagne.  Garnish with grated nutmeg.
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Stir on ice until well-chilled. Rinse a chillled cocktail glass with peated scotch (e.g. Compass Box Peat Monster). Strain into the glass, garnish with a flamed orange twist.
Rinse the glass with the rose water.  Add bitters and St. Germain to glass and stir.  Top with chilled sparkling wine and garnish.
Combine tequila, Campari, grapefruit juice, lime juice, and simple syrup in lowball glass. Add ice and stir, then top with ginger beer and stir again. Garnish with lime wheel.
Shake, strain over soda and ice in a Collins, garnish with a lime or lemon wheel.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass, expressed lemon peel garnish.
Stir with ice and strain over ice in a double old fashioned glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, highball glass, garnish
Serve over ice, stirred. Garnish with an orange twist.

Dry shake or whisk the egg white until emulsified, before adding the remaining ingredients and filling the shaker with ice. Cap, give it a brief but hard shake before double straining into a chilled coupette. Garnish with a trimmed spring of fresh tarragon.
Shake all but sparkling wine, strain, serve up or on a rock, top with rosé.
Stir, strain, garnish.
Stir with ice. Strain into old fashioned glass containing large block of clear ice. Garnish with flamed orange twist.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, rocks or up. Optional salt rim
Combine everything except garnish in a cocktail shaker and shake, without ice, for at least 10 seconds, until the egg has been suitably smacked around and is mixing well with everything else. Add ice to the shaker and shake again, very hard, for at least 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled wine glass or sour glass and garnish.
Shake gin and dry vermouth, strain over crushed ice in a rocks glass, top with bitter lemon, garnish.
Combine ingredients in a shaker, add ice, shake quickly to chill. Pour over fresh shaved ice in a snow cone. Garnish with a lemon and cherry flag
Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously for 10 seconds. Strain over crushed ice into a tiki mug or double old fashioned glass. Garnish tropically with pineapple leaves, an orchid, etc.
Shake, strain, up, Herbsaint mist, twist.
Shake all ingredients together and pour into a chilled coupe or similar.
Combine, stir with ice, strain, garnish
Shake, strain, double rocks, crushed ice, lime zest for garnish.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker tin with crushed ice and mix with a spindled drink mixer or shake hard. Pour into a tiki mug, top with more crushed ice. Garnish with a tropical assortment, serve with a straw.
Shake hard, strain, adorn with "fancy slashed lemon zest."
Shake, strain, rocks.
Muddle quartered strawberry.  Add other liquid ingredients, shake with ice.  Strain into ice-filled double rocks glass.  Garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine everything besides the champagne into mixing tin and shake.  Fine strain into a collins glass and top with champagne.  Garnish with Grapefruit twist
Stir, strain on a rock, flamed orange garnish.
Chilled coupe. Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, serve in a coupe. Express grapefruit twist and drop in coupe.
Stir, serve over ice, mint sprig for garnish.
Shake, strain over one big rock, garnish with five Maraschino cherries on a skewer and, optionally, a placeholder engagement ring.
Add everything to shaker, add 2 ice cubes, shake well. Garnish with Luxardo Cherry.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Garnish: fresh cucumber slices and 3 dashes of Fee Bros. Whiskey Barrel Aged bitters
Shake with ice, strain into a chilled rocks glass with pebble ice. Garnish with umbrella, lime wheel, orange slice
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe
Shake, up, cocktail glass
Orange peel, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Divide oregano and muddle half with the Amaro.  Add remaining ingredients, shake with ice, strain, up, coupe, garnish with remainder of oregano.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice; add liqueurs and lime. Shake till cold. Strain and pour into a chilled champagne flute. Add cava and top with three drops of blue curaçao
Stir over Ice, twist lemon peel, discard.
Shake all but club with ice; pour into an ice filled highball glass, top with club, garnish with lime twist
Shake, strain, rock, dust with cocoa powder.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Add cube ice to rocks glass.  Slice orange peel, twist and rub inside of glass, retain peel.  Add bittters, then Maraschino liqueur, then whisky.  Stir to mix, garnish with Maraschino cherry.
Shake all spirit ingredients with ice and strain into an ice-filed highball glass. Top with grapefruit juice and serve.
Combine all ingredients in a large glass filled with ice. Stir thoroughly and strain the mixture into a coupe. Garnish with a lime twist.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Blend until smooth and pour into a parfait or pint glass.
Dry shake all ingredients for 20-30 seconds.  Then shake with ice.  Double strain over fresh ice in an old fashioned glass.  Garnish with wide lemon swath
Shake with ice and strain in a rock glass (without ice). Top with soda water if needed. Garnish with a half of lime slice (optional too).
Shake, strain, up.
Add all ingredients to shaking tin, dry shake, wet shake, strain into either a cocktail coupe or an ice-filled old fashioned glass. Garnish with a lemon peel and brandied cherry.
Combine all over ice and stir.  Strain into coupe glass.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a pineapple leaf or banana leaf.
Combine all ingredients except lemon peel in a mixing glass. Add ice. Stir. Strain into a cocktail glass. Twist lemon peel over drink.
Shake all, double strain, up.
Add all ingredients in a shaker, add ice and shake vigorously. Fine strain into a chilled coupe glass. No garnish necessary (lime wheel optional).
Build in a highball glass, top with seltzer, stir gently, garnish
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a pickled pepper
Shake, double strain, cocktail glass, garnish with blackberries.
Stir, strain, up.
Could use other amari. Use Jack Daniel Black for a sweeter version.
With slices: muddle with salt to draw out juice, rest, shake, double strain, up, garnish with cucumber slice. With juice: shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake on ice, serve up, garnish with a lime wheel
Shake, strain into a Champagne flute, top with bubbles, twist.
Mime shake, add ice, shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine ingredients. Chill. Double Strain. Garnish with tangerine twist.
Stir with 2 slices of English cucumber.
Rinse iced rocks glass with Chartreuse. Shake and strain rest
Combine bourbon, chartreuse, bitters and lime juice in a Collins glass. Fill with ice. Top with ginger beer. Stir. Wrap a wedge of candied ginger with a basil leaf and spear through for the garnish.
Stir, strain, up, express and discard flamed twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
In a large chilled glass (14-16 oz) pour in cognac, drop in lump of sugar doused in Angostura, fill up with dry champagne and garnish with lime peel
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, optionally spritzed with Cinnamon Tincture
Shake, strain, up, garnish with the drops of Ardbeg and a cinnamon-dusted apple slice.
Place all ingredients in a tin and shake with ice until they have properly married.  Double strain into a coupe and enjoy!
Shake everything except ginger beer, strain into an ice filled Collins glass, top with ginger beer.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Shake, strain into a Collins over rocks, garnish with a paper parasol through a cherry.
Shake everything including the beer, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a paper umbrella through a cherry and an orange wedge.

Stir over ice; strain into chilled coupe
Muddle lemons, simple syrup, vodka and blueberries. Shake and strain into ice-filled Collins glass. Top off with Barritt's Ginger Beer
Shake, pour into low-ball without straining, garnish
Stir, strain, up, add bubbles, twist.
Shake with ice, strain into glass.
Shake, top with soda, strain over rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain into a ice filled rocks glass. Top with the club soda. No garnish.
"Combine in rocks glass. ... Add ice, stir, and if garnish isn't too frou-frouy twist a swatch of orange peel over the top and drop it in."
Shake first four ingredients, strain into a Collins over ice, topping with a splash of Coke and a good amount of fresh grated nutmeg. Serve with straw.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, top with soda in a highball/sling glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass, expressed garnish..
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass with ice; garnish with an orange peel twist
Lightly crush basil and shake all ingredients, and then strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a basil leaf.
In a tall glass filled with ice squeeze half a lime then add Scotch.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish with a small slapped sprig of mint.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake with ice, stain and pour into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a cucumber slice
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon peel and Luxardo cherry flag.
In a pint glass with ice, add all ingredients.  Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with a cherry.
Stir and strain into a rocks glass misted with Green Chartreuse. Lime twist, discarded.
Dry shake, the longer the better; shake with ice; strain into something tall over soda and ice.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, straight-up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, straight up, claret glass.
Stir with ice, strain into cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir in mixing glass, strain into coupe. Garnish w/orange peel.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain into old fashioned glass with a large cube or sphere. Garnish with orange peel.
Build and stir over ice in a half pint, topping with soda.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain, and serve in a martini glass.
Build over crushed ice in an old fashioned glass & stir gently to incorporate. Twist, rim & drop lemon peel.
Shake with ice; strain into a chilled coupe
Shake with ice, strain, coupe
Shake til frosted with plenty of fresh ice, then dump unstrained into a chilled rocks glass. Optionally, express and discard a lemon peel. Add two or three more drops of Jamaican #1 bitters for aromatics.
Shake, strain into a tiki mug or double old fashioned glass, fill with crushed ice, garnish lavishly with mint sprigs and optionally with flowers.
Shake over ice, strain into vessel of choice, WAIT until Room Temperature - Enjoy
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Build. Shake. Strain.
Stir over ice. Strain and serve on large rock. Garnish with expressed orange peel.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, topping with ginger beer. As a garnish, rim the glass with a mix of 4 parts sugar, 2 parts ground cinnamon, 2 parts ground nutmeg, and 1 part ancho chile powder. Float diced red apple slices.
Stir in mixing glass, strain into coupe
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine and stir gently, add large ice cube, garnish with lemon or lime wheel.
Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake with ice; pour into a lowball glass with crushed ice and add a lime wheel
Shake, strain, coupe, up.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Rim 1/2 martini glass with demerara sugar. Drop 5 drops around the interior of the glass as rinse. Chill Patron XO Dark, Bittermen's Coffee Liqueur, iced coffee and demerara syrup and strain into glass. Shake heavy cream in a squeeze bottle until frothy (10 seconds) and float on top. Dust with cinnamon.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass half-rimmed with salt. Or I actually prefer Margaritas on the rocks.
Shake, strain, straight-up, cocktail glass, optionally half-rimmed with salt.
Shake (yep, shake), strain over cracked ice in a rocks glass.
Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, serve up in salt rimmed glass.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with red and green cherries on a marlin pin.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with a knot of lemon peel.
Shake everything except the Cognac and rosewater and strain into a small wine glass. Float Cognac and rosewater on top.
Stir with ice, strain, no garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients with cracked ice until very cold, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with a sage leaf.
Add ingredients to a shaker without ice and shake vigorously to emulsify egg white. Add ice, shake again, and stain into a tall Collins glass, sans ice.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Put the lemon zest in a mixing glass and fill it with cubed ice. Add the remaining ingredients and stir for 10 seconds. Double-strain into a chilled cocktail glass and add the garnish.
Mix all three, stir with ice, our into a martini glass.
Stir, strain, cocktail, orange twist
Stir, strain, up, cocktail, olive or cherry garnish
Stir, strain, up, cocktail glass, garnish with a twist or olive
Stir with cracked ice. Serve without garnish.
Combine at room temperature, stirring to dissolve acid. Once dissolved, stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Twist and discard an orange or lemon peel.
Stir, strain, Nick & Nora, twist.
Stir, strain and garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir lovingly, strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build in a highball, including lemon peel, add ice and briefly stir.
Stir ingredients over ice. Strain into coupe and garnish with edible flowers.
Infuse lemon rinds (no pith) in brandy for 24-48 hrs.
•	Combine rye, vermouth and syrup over ice. Stir for 30 seconds, or until very well chilled. Strain into a lowball glass. Top with four dashes of bitters. Garnish with a nickel-sized coin of orange rind.
Stir, strain, coupe. Squeeze and drop the lemon.
Swizzle in a footed Pilsner glass and garnish.
Shake with ice, strain into a martini glass, garnish with a cherry.
Add all ingredients to shaker and dry shake without ice. Add ice and shake. Double strain into cocktail coupe. Lightly toast sage with a match, slap, and drop on top of cocktail as garnish.
Whip shake with a few pebbles, and then pour unstrained into something tall, pretty, and clear. Top with pebble ice, garnish, and serve with straw.
Stir; strain; up.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a hurricane glass, garnish.
Use a tall glass and shaved ice.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake all but the mint, strain into a glass, garnish with the sprig.
Stir with ice, strain into double rocks glas with big cube. Garnish with orange zest.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir honey with mezcal first. Add other ingredients. Shake 30 seconds. Strain into cocktail glass. Dust with nutmeg.
Stir first 5, top with Champagne, no garnish
Shake with ice, strain into Old Fashioned glass with a cube of ice.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, double strain, chilled coupe. Express lemon peel high above the glass, rub the stem and underside of the bowl of the glass, and garnish
Shake, strain over pebble ice or crushed ice. Top with more ice, 2-3 dashes of Peychaud's and Angostura bitters, and a thin lemon twist snaked around the base of a slapped mint sprig. Serve with straw.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Combine ingredients in an Old Fashioned glass. Add big ice and stir. Drop the cherry on top.
Stir acid into syrup until dissolved. Add booze & ice. Stir, strain, rocks.
Sir, strain, up or rocks.
Combine all ingredients in shaker stir.  Add essential oils from lemon peel and garnish with luxardo cherry
Shake, strain, rock, garnish.
Shake, double strain, up, float remaining leaf.
Shake with ice, strain into rocks glass over ice. Top with club soda if desired.
Shake, strain, crushed ice, pineapple leaf garnish, straw.
Build over crushed ice in old fashioned glass and swizzle. Top with more crushed ice and serve with straw(s).
A small wedge of lemon squeezed over and dropped in.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Build in an ice filled Collins glass (10 oz), stir and serve
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Build in a mixing glass, add ice, stir until well chilled. Strain into a sour glass or coupe, garnish with a brandied cherry.
Add all ingredients but bitters to cocktail shaker and dry shake vigorously without ice.  When nice and frothy, add ice, shake again to chill, and strain into a chilled cocktail coupe.  Top with 3-5 drops of bitters.
Shake all ingredients over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice
Shake, strain, up. Optional brandied cherry garnish.
Build over cracked ice
Gently stir over ice and strain into a rocks glass.
Muddle 3 leaves, shake, strain, garnish with 1 leaf, drink
Stir with ice fit for company and strain into a worthy drinking vessel.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, straight up, lowball.
Stir, strain, twist.
Shake ingredients with ice. Strain into a Collins glass filled with ice, and garnish with three watermelon balls.
Muddle kiwi until smooth. Add white rum and bitters and shake. Strain into highball (dont double strain, you want the seeds for aesthetic appeal and garnish) over crushed ice. Top with a strong and spicy ginger beer and garnish with an orange twist.
Stir all ingredients, strain into a chilled coupe or an old fashioned glass with a large cube or sphere.  Garnish with an orange peel.
Shake, strain over rocks and soda, garnish, spritz, serve with straw.
Flash blend & open pour, pilsner glass
Rinse, shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake on Ice, Strain, Garnish with a Lime Wheel if Desired
Build over a large rock.
Pour all three ingredients into a double old fashioned glass and stir.
Lime for Garnish
Shake, add soda, and strain over rocks. Garnish optionally with a pineapple leaf.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail
Stir, strain into a coupe, add a layer of foam, flame Chartreuse mist on top.
Shake with ice and strain into an ice-filled collins glass. Top with soda and garnish with a lime wedge.
Stir, strain into rinsed coupe, garnish.
Shake on ice, strain, and serve in a snifter
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, cherry (historical) or lemon peel garnish
Shake, serve up, orange twist
Muddle, shake, strain half over crushed ice in a Collins, add more crushed ice and strain rest, stir to frost glass, garnish with more berries.
Shake with ice
Stir over ice, strain into coupe/cocktail glass, dash in bitters, enjoy. Repeat.
Shake, strain and pour in old fashioned glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish lime wedge.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Long stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, flame garnish, drop in drink.
Shake with 2 small cuke slices, strain, up, garnish with floating cuke slice with powdered chile sprinkled on top.
Build mezcal and Cynar in Collins glass. Fill with ice and top with cider. Garnish with lime wheel.
Stir with lots of ice and pour into prepared cocktail glass rimmed with raw (turbinado) sugar or Stirrings Espresso Martini Rimmer. Enjoy!
Stir with ice.  Strain into martini glass.
Stir, strain, goblet, twist.
Build in a rocks glass over a large cube, gently stir ten to fifteen times, garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Shake, strain over Chinotto and ice, garnish, serve with straw.
Mix the first six ingredients in the bottom of a beer glass.  Fill the glass with ice and add your  favorite beer.
Muddle cucumber in lime; add all ingredients and shake; double strain into a rocks glass filled with ice; garnish with a piece of candied ginger picked to a slice of cucumber and a pinch of ground chili.
Shake, strain over ice, top with IPA, garnish with a grilled pineapple slice skewered through a paper parasol. Serve with straw.
Stir and strain over a large ice ball in a double old fashioned glass. Garnish with an edible flower.
Shake with ice, stir into glass.
Shake, strain, DOF, rocks, garnish.
Muddle lime, sugar, and bitters in a rocks glass. Add spirits & stir. Fill with crushed ice & stir again.
Stir and strain into rocks glass, garnish with lemon twist.
Stir over ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, shoot.
Stir, strain over an ice cylinder in a rocks glass, express and insert orange twist.
Stir, strain, serve up in coupe. Garnish with flamed orange peel if you wish.
Pour Chartreuse and soda into a Collins and chill. Mix other ingredients, dry shake, long shake, carefully strain over Chartreuse and soda.
Stir, strain, straight-up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir all the ingredients over ice, then strain into a coupe.  Garnish with the orange twist.
Muddle the black cardamom in a mixing glass, before adding the remaining ingredients and ice. Shake hard for a few seconds, then strain over ice into an old-fashioned glass. Garnish optional.
Combine with ice and stir.  Strain into a rocks glass.
Shake, strain.
Stir with ice, strain, garnish with cherry
Stir, strain, one rock, twist.
Combine without ice and pour over crushed ice in a rocks glass. Garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Run leaf along the inside of the serving glass to express oils. Shake, strain, up, float leaf.
Shake, strain, rocks, low-ball
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build with ice and stir well, garnish.
Shake rum, galliano, crème de Cacao and grapefruit juice with ice. Strain into an ice-filled collins glass. Top with soda water and float the rubus arcticus liqueur. Garnish with lemon peel and berries.
Dry shake; shake; strain; coupe.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
On a stovetop, heat all ingredients together until steaming. Ladle into mugs and garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Over ice, shake everything but the sparkling wine, strain into a flute, top with bubbles, twist.
Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a cucumber slice.
Shake, strain, coupe, top.
Build in big wine glass ( not a pool glass), ice, mix, straw, add basil leaves and garnish with 2 fresh peach slice
Blend til blended. Pour into a milkshake glass, garnish with cherry, serve with straw, two if sipping with your sweetheart.
Dry shake, shake. Pour to chilled coupe. Garnish with angostura art.
Dry shake, shake with ice, coupe; garnish with pineapple leaf
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Muddle pineapple wedge and vodka in a mixing glass until macerated.  Strain into a shaker and add ice, whiskey, vermouth, syrup and shake until well chilled.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, and finish with five drops of bitters & a fresh pineapple wedge
Place all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Fill it with ice then shake well and double strain into a coupe glass.
Stir. Up. Orange Peel.
Hard shake, then strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain, up. *pastis float is optional
Mint can be lightly muddled or added as garnish.
In a snifter add very hot water, bourbon and tea bag.  Briefly steep and remove bag.  Top with Brown Sugar Foam and fresh mint.
Stir & Strain, Coupe, flamed orange peel
Stir with ice, strain over big rock. Float Smith & Cross; twist lemon and drop in.
Stir with ice, serve into a chilled rocks glass, garnish with flamed orange zest
Lightly muddle mint in the syrup, fill glass with crushed ice, pour genever over the top, stir.
Place 2 sprigs mint in metal julep tin.  Add liquids, muddle gently and let sit 1 mintute.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Combine in shaker with crushed ice.  Stir, serve in coupe.  Garnish with a miniature version of itself, which in turn...
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake 1 cucumber slice and 1 rosemary sprig with tequila, simple and lime over ice. Strain over new ice into a Collins glass. Top with tonic, garnish with remaining cucumber and rosemary.
Integration shake, strain over soda in a Collins glass, slap mint and garnish, serve with straw.
Add all ingredients to shaker tin, add ice. Shake. Double strain into rocks glass and garnish with lemon peel.
Shake, double strain, goblet, garnish.
Shake, Double Strain, Up, Coupe
Stir, rocks
Muddle the 1/4'd lime half, orgeat and elderflower liqueur in a shaker.  Add ice and Cachaça then shake for 30 seconds.  Pour (don't strain) into a rocks glass
Blend high-speed 20 seconds to finely chop pineapple and mint. Serve in a glass vessel to show off the colour, garnished with a spring of fresh mint and maybe a pineapple leaf.
Combine with ice, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, orange oil (discard)
Shake and double strain 
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a candied ginger on a bamboo skewer.
Rinse, stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Stir and strain into absinthe rinsed glass.
Stir, strain, twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Add cognac, pear syrup and bitters to a mixing glass w/ ice; stir until chilled.  Strain into a chilled old fashioned glass containing a large chunk of ice.  Grate cinnamon across the top, and garnish with a pear fan.
Muddle lemon wedges with everything but gin. Shake with gin. Garnish with 1" cinnamon stick.
Shake > Up > Coupe... 
Build in wine goblet, sinking twist.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a mint leaf or a twist.
Stir, strain, lowball, big ice cube
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, twist.
Muddle lime wedges. Muddle mint lightly. Add ice, syrup, rum. Shake, fine strain into glass with more ice. Top with club soda, garnish with additional lime wedge and mint sprig.
Rinse chilled old fashioned glass with Laphroaig. Stir rest in a mixing glass. Strain neat into prepared glass. Grapefruit zest.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. No garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir down in mixing glass for 30 - 45 seconds, strain into short glass or coupe, garnish with an Orange twist.
Shake with ice, strain into rocks glass with one large ice cube.
Stir all ingredients over cubed ice then julep strain into an old fashioned glass over fresh ice.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Pour campari, orange liquor and bitters in a champagne flute. Add chilled prosecco slowly. Garnish with lemon twist.
Stir in a mixing glass with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up.
Rinse a rocks glass with Campari. Stir and strain over fresh ice into rinsed glass and garnish with an orange twist.
Build over crushed ice in a Collins glass. Fill with seltzer, stir to combine.
Combine gin, elderflower, lemon, mint leaves, and ice; shake vigorously and strain up into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with mint sprig.
Shake ingredients dry. Add ice. Shake vigorously.
Stir all ingredients in a Boston glaas filled with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with a flamed orange twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice, coupe, garnish with orange zest
Stir, rinse, garnish cherry, strain, flame, discard orange.  Served up.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain over ice in a Collins, top with ginger beer, stir to incorporate, serve with straw.
Build in a Champagne flute or coupe.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir (less soda), strain into rocks glass with large ice cube, top with club soda
Stir; strain; rocks; twist.
Shake, fine-strain, straight up, small  glass, garnish
Build in an iced Collins glass, stir gently.  Cucumber garnish if so desired.
Stir, strain, rock, lemon peel
Stir with ice and strain into chilled coupe.  Garnish with a lemon twist
Fill a cocktail shaker halfway full with ice. Add the rye whiskey, Benedictine and bitters. Shake well for at least 30 seconds, then strain into a cocktail (martini) glass. Garnish with a cherry.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build over crushed ice, topping with Champagne, and garnish.
Combine mint, syrup, bitters and lime in mixing glass. Muddle. Add rye and shake. Pour into ice-filled Collins glass. Top with Barritt's.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir ingredients until well chilled, serve in chilled cocktail glass with lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a dehydrated lime wheel.
Shake and strain into glass. Garnish with lemon peel
Stir and strain over big rock on OF glass. Add the garnish.
Shake, strain, serve up. Cocktail.
Shake all but Champagne, strain into a Champagne flute, top with bubbly.
Muddle, shake, fine strain, up.
Stir, strain, up or rocks, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a DOF glass containing a block of clear ice. Garnish with a large lemon twist.
Stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a coupe glass and garnish with grapefruit peel.
Stir, strain, rocks, top with coffee.
Cacao-Nib Mezcal: Combine 1 liter of smoky Mezcal with 8 ounces of ground cacao nibs in a large Mason jar. Let rest for 24 hours, then strain through a coffee filter
Shake, strain, white wine glass, crushed ice, garnish with Lemon slice, Orange Slice, Strawberry in drink.
Shake with ice and strain.
Chill low-ball. Stir with ice, strain into empty low-ball. No ice. Top with soda.

Combine, shake, cocktail glass, orange wheel garnish, float Cherry Heering
Stir vodka, and lime over ice. Top with ginger beer.
Shake all the ingredients with ice, then strain into a coupe. Garnish with the lime wedge.
Stir, strain, coupe, brandied apricot garnish.
Shake in iced cocktail shaker and strain into jar for sharing
Muddle sugar and soda, add remaining ingredients except Champagne, serve in punch bowl with large block of ice. Top with Champagne and garnish.
Shake all but soda, stain, highball, add soda, stir gently, garnish.
Shake. Strain into chilled coupe. garnish with a Lavender sprig or pinch of lavender petals
Shake, strain over ice in a Collins, top with soda, garnish with an orange twist and a cherry, serve with straw.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a sugar-rimmed glass.
Shake, strain.
Stir, strain, chilled rocks glass
Build in a highball glass with ice and stir. Garnish with lime wedge.
Stir, strain into ice-filled old-fashioned glass, garnish
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker.
Whip ingredients without ice and pour over pebbled ice. Garnish.
Rinse coupe with pernod. Combine other ingredients and shake. Double strain into rinsed coupe. Lemon peel.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake and strain over ice into a highball glass. Top with Fever-Tree Indian Tonic Water. Garnish with fresh mint, sage, or rosemary sprig.
Muddle Strawberry, build drink, add mint sprig and shake well on large ice cubes.  Strain (double if desired) over large ice in a rocks glass, garnish with another mint sprig.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain into a fizz glass, top with soda.
Muddle sugar with lemon and orange juice, press mint, add gin, shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake and serve in a tiki glass over crushed ice. Mint and Grapefruit quarter for garnish.
Shake, Strain into a coupe. No garnish
Muddle rosemary and agave. 
Muddle strawberry gently, then shake with all other ingredients and ice.  Double-strain into chilled glass.
Muddle fennel seeds with lime and sugar, shake, strain, straight up, coupe (cocoa power rim, rinsed with Galliano).
Stir and strain. Garnish with a strip of grapefruit zest (bartender's choice).
Briefly stir, strain, up, express grapefruit oil.
Place all ingredients in a mixing glass, and shake for approximately 10 seconds. Add ice, and shake again. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake with ice.  Strain into martini glass.
Shake, without the pale ale. Serve in a Collins glass filled with ice and a splash of pale ale. Garnish with dried ginger.
Shake, strain, rock.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with a dehydrated lemon wheel.
Shake, strain into DOF, garnish

Quarter and muddle strawberries in shaker/Shake all ingredients but beer/double strain/hi-ball glass/top with Blanche de Chambly
Muddle sprig of rosemary with syrup and lemon juice. Add other ingredients into shaker. Dry shake. Shake with ice. Double strain into a chilled coupe. Flame rosemary sprig garnish.
Shake over ice, double strain into coupe.  Float green chartreuse
Stir, strain over an ice cylinder in an old fashioned glass, express and insert the orange peel, grate nutmeg on top.
Stir, strain, old fashioned glass, one large rock, grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
In a pint glass muddle sugar and bitters.  Add remaining ingredients, ice then shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake/strain/hi-ball/fill with soda. Garnish however you like, I really couldn't care less. Garnishes are stupid.
Shake with three cubes, strain over crushed ice in an Old Fashioned glass, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into rocks glass. Garnish with twist of orange peel.
Stir with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Plop in two brandied cherries.
Combine ingredients into a cocktail shaker with ice (You may want to add 1 tsp simple syrup for a little more balance). Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.  Optional lemon twist garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with 2-3 more dashes of Ango and a pineapple wedge, serve with straws.
Shake, strain into a highball over ice and ginger beer, garnish with a slapped mint sprig, serve with straw.
Shake all ingredients with ice and fine strain into martini glass.
Stir and strain.
Rinse a chilled coupe with mezcal and discard excess. In an empty shaker, add liquors, juices, syrup and bitters and egg white and dry shake ~30 seconds. Add ice and shake until chilled. Double strain into the coupe and garnish with a lime peel
Stir, strain, garnish with Islay drops and twist.
Shake, strain, up, lime wheel
Shake with ice until chilled. Pour into ice filled rocks glass.
Shake, strain, straight up.
Combine juice, gin, and st germain in an iced shaker.  shake and strain into a collins glass filled with crushed ice covered in 2 dashes of cholula.  top with grapefruit soda.
Build all but the curaçao over ice in a highball glass.  Stir briefly to combine, top with curaçao and garnish
Stir with ice and strain into chilled coupe.  Garnish with lemon peel.
Shake and strain into a rocks glass over ice or sphere. Garnish with lime wheel and flamed orange twist.
Slice cucumber very thinly. Muddle the cucumber. Add tequila, grapefruit, and simple. Shake and strain into a collins glass with rocks. Top off with prosecco. In and out lemon twist. Garnish with a thicker cucumber slice.
Shake, strain into a highball over rocks, stir in soda, express twist, garnish with fresh-grated nutmeg.
Stir ingredients in mixing glass filled with cracked ice. Strain into a chilled old-fashioned glass. Express lemon oils and drop twist into glass.
Stir, strain, up, flamed twist.
Fill a glass up with ice cubes; add gin and lime juice. Top it off with ginger beer, splash some creme de violette, and muddle the chiso leaf.
Muddle the slices of orange and cucumber, with part of rosemary in shaker. Add ice and rest of ingredients. Shake well. Pour over large piece of ice. Garnish with rest of rosemary and cuke twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
-half rim rocks glass with salt
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Smack mint, add all ingredients to an old fashioned glass, stir, add crushed ice, stir, finish with additional Nardini float.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Muddle peppercorns in bottom of mixing glass. Add rest with ice. Stir and double fine strain into chilled coupe. Or neat into chilled old fashioned glass. lemon zest.
Shake, strain over cubed ice in a tiki mug, flame absinthe over the top, garnish with a dried pineapple wheel and a long grapefruit twist, serve with straws.
Build over ice in a rocks glass and stir to combine.
Stir together. For an authentic shipboard Gimlet, do not add ice.
Muddle nectarine and rosemary with the simple, add remaining ingredients except soda. Shake, strain over fresh ice into a Collins glass, top with soda, garnish.
Stir, strain over one big rock, garnish with a floated lime wheel.
Shake and strain into coupe glass.
Add agave nectar to glass along with bitters and one ice cube, stir.  Add tequila and mezcal, another ice cube, a few more stirs
Shake, strain, up.
Shake and strain into a double old-fashioned glass with an ice cone encased straw.
Stir all but lemon with ice; strain; coupe; garnish with lemon zest
Whip shake, pour into something tall, cover with pebble ice, decorate.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake short but hard with ice
Stir & strain over ice. Garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, rocks, lowball. Garnish with orange twist or flamed orange peel.
Stir with ice and strain in to a cocktail glass.
Briefly shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with grated orange zest.
Stir & strain over fresh ice in an Old Fashioned glass. Twist, rim & drop in the peel. If you prefer to serve it up, flame the peel.
Stir, Strain, Cocktail glass, lemon peel garnish
Stir, strain, either rocks or up into an old fashioned glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, strain into a Collins glass over soda and rocks, garnish with orange wedge, serve with straw.
Stir and strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with flamed orange peel, dropped into glass.
Pour the gin, vermouths, and lime juice into an ice-filled rocks glass. Stir. Top with the Sanbitter. If you must, garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake first three ingredients, strain over Champagne.
Stir, on rocks. Garnish with grapefruit twist.
Shake, strain, add chipotle ale to taste (anything from 2 oz to most of a bottle), float orange slice or lime wedge.
Stir w/ ice. Stain on large sphere/rock of ice in rocks glass. Garnish flamed orange twist.
Build vermouth and Campari with ice. Top with wine, stir, and garnish.
Dry shake; shake; strain.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with ice. Strain into coupe. Sugar rim optional.
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle, shake, fine strain, garnish with a long slice of ginger.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.

Shake, strain, rocks, insert straws, top with crushed ice, float about a half ounce of red wine on top.
Shake, strain over rocks in a highball, top with fortified wine and bitters.

Shake all inredents over ice and strain into an ice-filled high-ball glass. Crack black pepper over an orange slice and add as garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Muddle the sugar cube with the orange slice. Add the rest of the ingredients, lots of ice, and stir. Double strain into a rocks glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, squeeze grapefruit wedge, garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, float garnish
Stir, strain, big rock.
Muddle sugar with water, add all but wine, shake, strain, cocktail glass, float wine.
Drink: Stir > Strain > Coupe...
Stir all ingredients with ice as you would a martini and strain into chilled martini glass.  Garnish with flamed lemon peel.
Muddle lime juice, agave and ginger. Add sherry and mezcal. Shake. Strain over large ice cube. Garnish with nutmeg and lime.
Stir, strain, rock, float, garnish with an orange peel and/or a brandied cherry.
Shake, strain, straight up, chilled coupe, float wine.
Combine with ice and stir for 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. No garnish.
Build over ice in rocks glass, roll, garnish. Guest should be encouraged to squeeze lime if the drink is a bit too sweet.
Shake, strain, coupe.  Maybe a sprinkle of toast crumbs on top ...
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Cherry garnish.
Stir all ingredients in mixing glass, strain into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a star anise.
Shake with ice and strain into a sugar-rimmed glass. Rim a lime peel along the inside of the drink.
Combine in mixing glass over ice, stir for 30 secs, strain into chilled coupe.
Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice. Add the gin, Benedictine and grapefruit juice. Shake well, then double-strain into a highball glass filled with ice cubes.  Top with sparkling water and stir gently. Garnish with the twist of lime peel.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled, Laphroaig 10 rinsed coupe. Garnish with orange twist.
Combine ingredients with ice in a mixing glass and stir.
Stir. coupe. no garnish
Stir, strain, coupe, twist, garnish.
Combine gin, lemon, syrup, vanilla, and egg white/aquafaba and shake with ice. Strain back into shaker and then dry shake for 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe and garnish with several drops of lavender bitters.
Rinse an ice filled Old Fashioned glass with the Dandelion and Burdock bitters. Stir everything else, strain into rinsed glass, add a chunk of ice.
Stir over ice
Ice. Shake with ice. Strain. Fill with Soda water.
Add ingredients to tumbler.
Shake and strain, garnish with orange slice
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail. Garnish if desired
Shake, strain, garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, low-ball
Stir, strain, up, optional lemon or orange twist.
Dry shake for 10 seconds.  Add crushed ice and shake throughly.  Strain into a coupe.
Shake and strain into a rock filled highball.Garnish with a rose petal.
Muddle fig, shake with other ingredients, double strain, rocks, double old fashioned glass, garnish
Combine all ingredients in shaker with ice. Shake vigorously for 15 seconds. Strain into martini glass. Garnish with thai basil leaf floated in center of the glass
Stir with ice and strain over fresh ice. Squeeze lime slice over drink -- like it's a twist, not a wedge, with skin out -- and drop it in.
Shake, strain into a chilled coupe
Shake, strain, up.
Combine liquid in a rocks glass. Add 1 large ice chunk and stir. Garnish with pinch of salt.
Shake, strain, up (or crushed ice to dry it out).
Stir with ice, strain into rocks glass. Twist a lemon peel over the top (but do not add to drink).
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with shaved orange zest.
Drink: Stir >Strain > Coupe...
Add gin, vermouth, lime juice, and simple syrup to a shaker, fill with ice, shake vigorously, strain into a chilled coupe glass.  
Serve over a big ice cube.
Shake liquor and bitters, strain into a chilled low-ball glass full of ice. Top off with ginger beer and garnish with a twist of orange
Stir with ice, strain into coupe, garnish with whiskey-soaked cherry.
Stir, strain, straight up, squeeze orange peel and drop into glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Add alcohol to old fashioned glass. Stir. Add ice and ginger beer. Stir again.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake; shake; rocks glass; garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe. Float Champagne. Garnish w orange peel.
Shake with ice, strain into glass, garnish with lemon peel.
Build in an old-fashioned glass, rocks.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir over ice, strain
Shake, double strain into a chilled white wine glass rimmed with a mix of equal parts sugar and dried thyme.
Stir. Serve up. Express oils from and orange peel and discard peel (flame if you like). Smile.
Shake, strain into an old fashioned glass filled with rocks, garnish.
Shake, double strain, crushed ice, low-ball garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain over crushed, garnish with a large lemon twist
Stir with ice, rocks glass, big hunk o' ice. Cherry garnish.
Lemon twist, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, double strain over sparkling wine in a flute, garnish.
Fill Collins glass with ice. Shake ingredients with ice, then strain into Collins glass. Garnish with lemon wedge.
Stir, strain, coupe.  Lemon twist garnish
Stir, strain, rock.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist a lemon peel over the top and discard the peel.
Shake, strain into a sour glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish with bitters.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake.  Serve over crushed ice in 16 oz. shaker tin.  Garnish with mint
Stir over ice; strain into chilled coupe.  No garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir; strain; up; express generous lemon oils atop and garnish with a brandied or maraschino cherry.
Combine tequila, Benedictine, Lillet, and bitters in a mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir until well chilled, about 30 seconds. Strain into chilled coupe glass; twist lemon peel over drink and use as garnish.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with thin apple slices and grated cinnamon.
Shake, strain, rocks or up, salt optional
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, fizz glass, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Stir all ingredients in an ice-filled mixing glass and strain into a chilled coupe.
Shake and strain into coupe glass.  Top with sparkling wine.
Shake or stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Heat Rum and Demerara in "Bartender's Bain Marie" while charging mug with boiling water.  Once warm dump out water and add rum and sugar, top with hot tea and a few dollops of whipped cream.
Stir/strain. Grapefruit coin zest.
Break chiltepin pepper in shaker with muddler, add ingredients except allspice dram and shake well. Double strain ingredients into chilled, Allspice Dram 
Combine, stir over rocks, top with tonic, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Add gin, chartreus. Squeeze orange wedges and drop in. Add syrup and bitters. Shake and strain into martini glass
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake all but club soda and strain into a tall glass over ice. Top with club soda. Garnish with a grapefruit peel.
Shake with crushed ice, pour into tiki glass, garnish
Put all except grapefruit slices in a bowl and microwave for 3 minutes on high. Cool, strain, bottle. Serve over rocks and garnish.
Stir all ingredients over ice and and strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Add all ingredients except orange peel into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake for 30 seconds, strain and pour into a coupe glass. Express the orange peel into the glass and toss.
Stir, strain, cocktail coupe, twist, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg.
Stir, strain, big rock, twist.
Shake without soda, add soda and stir, pour unstrained into a pilsner glass, garnish with a lime spiral.
Make sure salt dissolves before adding ice. Orange peel garnish
Muddle sugar cube with lemon wedge, add spirits & Peychaud's, 
Stir, strain, rocks, rocks glass, flame orange peel & drop into drink.
Stir, strain, up.  Garnish with lemon twist
Combine ingredients with ice, except soda water, and shake hard. Strain into an ice-filled Old Fashioned glass and top with a splash of soda water. Garnish with lemon wheel dusted in chili salt (optional).
Stir, strain, twist the lemon. The source website says to serve with no ice, but I enjoyed it with a big rock.
Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Mix with ice; strain; chilled rocks glass; add lemon peel garnish
Shake with ice, pour into rocks glass. Garnish with mint.
Stir; strain over big rock. Spritz and garnish.
Shake with ice, strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain, coupe.
Stir all except bitters and orange peel, strain into rocks glass and garnish with peel and bitters
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, rinsed coupe, garnish.
Muddle rosemary leaves in a shaker tin with Chartreuse, lime juice and simple syrup. Add eau de vie, shake with ice. Double strain in a cocktail glass. Garnish with a parsley sprig.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake over ice all the ingredients and strain into a cocktail glass, garnish with a mimosa flower.
Shake, strain over rocks and soda.
Stir, strain, rocks.
Shake, strain into a tiki mug over rocks, garnish with a spent lemon or lime shell filled with 1/4 oz Lemon Hart 151 lit aflame, serve with straw.
Squeeze lemon slices into a brandy snifter and add other ingredients, stirring to incorporate. Garnish with grated cinnamon and fill with hot water.
Shake all ingredients with ice and double strain into a chilled cocktail couple.  Garnish with a wide strip of lemon zest.
Dissolve sugar in a splash of water, add other ingredients, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Rinse chilled rocks glass with Chartreuse, build rest of drink in glass over large ice cube, stir, garnish, serve.
Stir liquid ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Express a lemon twist over the top then discard.
Swizzle in a Collins or footed Pilsner glass with crushed ice. Add more ice to top and garnish with three coffee beans.
Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled old fashioned glass. Garnish with a lemon wedge and serve with straws.
Stir, strain, rocks, top with seltzer, squeeze and drop coin, stir gently
Using a match, light a cinnamon stick on fire on a small plate. Allow it to burn for a few seconds. Turn a clean, room temperature martini glass upside down over the cinnamon stick to snuff it out. Allow it to smoke glass while you prepare the cocktail. Mix ingredients and serve at room temperature. Garnish with an apple wheel and dust with ground cinnamon.
Build all ingredients in shaker tin, add ice, shake vigorously. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a lemon wheel.
Fill a rocks glass with crushed ice Pour Ojen over the ice and add 4 ds of Peychaud's bitters along with Orgeat (may substitute Simple) and swizzle. Fill with more crushed ice and add 3 more dashes of Peychaud's. Swizzle until the glass frosts.
Shake, strain, crushed ice.
Build in highball with ice and top with soda.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Lightly muddle mint, lime, simple. Add rum, bitters and ice. Shake. Double strain into cocktail glass. Float champagne.
Muddle orange slice in glass.  Fill glass with ice and add all other ingredients.  Stir
Combine all. Stir with ice. Strain.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir bourbon, maple syrup & bitters with ice until cold. Strain into a rocks glass with a king cube, top with birch beer and garnish
Wet sugar cube with bitters and a dash of soda or water in an old fashioned glass, muddle, add ice and whiskey, stir to dissolve thoroughly, garnish
In an old fashioned glass, place in cherry, orange twist and sugar cube.  Top with bitters, and muddle.  Fill glass with ice and add bourbon.  Top with soda water.
Steep half a sheet of nori (dried seaweed) in half a bottle (375 ml) of Laphroaig for at least 12 hours, shaking occasionally. Serve in a Glencairn with a splash of water.
Combine the first five ingredients with ice, then shake until chilled. Add the chocolate stout, then combine by pouring the drink between the two halves of the shaker two or three times. Fine strain into a large chilled martini glass.
Combine all ingredients in mixing glass with ice. Stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled old fashioned glass.
Stir, strain into a chilled cocktail goblet, express and insert the lemon peel, garnish, serve with a side of soda.
Stir, strain over large rock or serve up in coupe, lemon twist.
Stir, strain, no ice.
Muddle twist in bitters and syrup, build in glass over rocks, express and insert twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Rim glass with smoked salt (preferably black Mexican smoked salt). Shake and pour straight into Collins glass. 
Pour vodka, simple, and bitters into an Old Fashioned glass and stir. Add large ice cube(s). Garnish with small grapefruit twist.
Stir with ice, strain over tonic, garnish.
Shake ingredients with ice and strain into chilled glass. Top with bitters.
Shake; strain; coupe.
Preshake, shake again with ice, strain.
Muddle kumquats (or other flavorful orange, skin on) and lime. Add other ingredients except simple syrup. Taste and add simple syrup as needed if kumquats are very sour. Double strain, rocks, lowball glass. Orange zest garnish.
Shake, strain, dbl OF, garnish
Shake well with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with orange twist.
Shake and strain into chilled glass. Add garnish.
Muddle cucumber. Add other ingredients to glass and shake with ice. Double strain into rocks glass with one large ice cube. Add additional slice of cucumber as garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain and serve in rocks glass over ice.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake and fine strain into prepared cocktail glass and garnish.
Shake first four ingredients and strain over ice filled double old-fashioned glass; top with gingerale
Shake first 3 ingredient, strain into ice-filled highball glass, top with tonic
Combine over ice, stir, strain into chilled rocks glass.  Garnish with flaming orange peel.
Add all ingredients except the mezcal to a blender.
Shake and strain; serve in coupe or in old fashioned glass with single large cube
Stir, strain, and drain (lemon twist is good)
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up, optional cherry garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into coupe. Garnish with a brandied cherry.
Place a long column of ice in a highball glass. Add to this the Campari and soda water. Add the other ingredients to a shaker, seal and shake without ice. Add ice to the shaker and shake to chill, then strain into the highball glass to float over the Campari and soda mixture. Garnish with twists of lemon and orange peel. Serve with straw.
Dry shake, then shake with ice. Strain, serve up.
Muddle, stir, strain, top with beer, garnish with a grape and a mint sprig.
Shake, strain, crushed ice.
Stir, strain into a pilsner glass over ice, top with pilsner, garnish with a grapefruit half wheel and a pinch of La Boíte Borneo N. 26 Spice Mix.
Stir over ice, strain into a coupe. No garnish
Shake, strain, ice-filled highball glass, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with orange peel.
Stir & Strain. Garnish with an orange twist (must !).
Fill mixing glass halfway with ice. Stir all but champagne in mixing glass. Top with champagne. Serve in large champagne flute with an orange slice as a garnish if desired
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Twist a grapefruit peel over the top.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with lemon oil and drop the peel in.
Mix all ingredients over ice and shake vigorously.  Strain and serve in coup glass.  Garnish with Luxardo cherry.
Shake (including the raw serrano), double strain, coupe, twist. Rub rim of glass with peel, then garnish.
Shake vigorously with ice and strain into a frozen coupe glass.
Dry shake all ingredients, shake with ice & strain into a chilled coupe.
Muddle Bitters and Aperol in Old Fashioned Glass, add ice and pour in Bourbon
1. Crush the coriander seeds with a mortar and pestle. Add the cilantro leaves and bruise them slightly.
Shake, strain, up, orange twist.
Build in a shaker, add large ice cubes, shake well and strain into a chilled, stemmed glass.  Garnish with a few drops of Angostura or more allspice dram.
Combine honeysuckle vodka, lemonade and bitters in a shaker filled with ice. Shake, strain, pour into a collins glass with large ice cube. Top with ginger beer.
Add ingredients over ice and stir, strain in chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with 1/2 an inch of foam.
Stir, Strain Over Rock
Stir with ice, strain. Up with a wide twist of orange peel.
Combine in shaker, strain into chilled martini glass. Enjoy.
Shake with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with lime wedge.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into coupe glass. No Garnish.
Shake and strain into an old-fashioned glass over ice.
Shake, up, coupe.
Shake and strain into cocktail glass
Stir, strain, serve up
Shake, strain, cocktail glass
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain into a double rocks glass over ice, garnish.
Shake ingredients over ice and strain into a chilled coupe
Blender all ingredients for 10 seconds. Then in other recipient with ice refresh for 10 seconds. Serve in the glass without ice.
Stir over ice, then strain into a martini glass. Garnish with the orange twist.
Muddle two 1x1" chunks of pineapple and 1-3 slices of jalapeno pepper in shaker. Add gin, lime, and simple and shake.Double strain into a rocks glass, top with ginger beer, and garnish with cucumber slice.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Add cocktail cherry and shave chocolate over the top
Shake all but Chinotto, strain, rocks, lowball, top with Chinotto, stir gently.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, straight up, lowball, garnish
Stir; strain; rocks.
Lime twist?, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake all ingredients with ice, and strain into a rocks glass over a large chunk of ice.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled Nick & Nora glass. Squeeze a small amount of lemon oil over the top of the glass and garnish with a lemon twist.
Heat all ingredients together until warmed through and serve in ceramic bowl.
Shake vigorously, strain, coupe
Shake, double strain, chilled coupe, orange peel garnish
Shake on ice. Serve over crushed ice in margarita glass. Garnish with cocktail cherry.
Shake, strain, up
Shake ingredients and pour over crushed ice.
Shake, strain into a sugar-rimmed glass, up.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain and garnish with a lemon twist.
Build in Shaker, Shake and strain into rocks glass over fresh large ice.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish
Add everything to a large punchbowl, float decorative block ice.
Stir, strain, rocks glass, sprinkle single cube with a few flakes of Maldon sea salt, garnish with grapefruit twist and thin slice of jalapeño pepper.
Shake with ice and double strained into an absinthe-rinsed coupe. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain, single large sphere or cube, old fashioned glass
Muddle fruit w juice and liqueurs. Add rum and ice and shake, strain. Martini/coupe
Fill low-ball with ice, build, stir, grate nutmeg as garnish.
Fill 12 oz glass with ice, add ingredients. Adjust orange and pineapple to fill glass as needed.
Peel, dice and puree two ripe pears. Shake ingredients with ice. Serve up in martini glasses and dust with cardamom spice.
Stir over ice and serve over a large piece of ice. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a lime wedge rested on a pair of mint leaves such that it looks like a bird in flight.
Shake, strain, lowball, rocks
Stir, strain, DOF, large rock, express peel, garnish
Rinse, stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add ingredients and stir. Strain into a Champagne coupe and garnish with orange disc.
Build in an ice filled Collins glass and stir to combine. Garnish.
Shake, strain, ice-filled Collins glass, top with soda, stir gently
Shake with ice, and strain into an ice filled rocks glass. Garnish with a lime or grapefruit wedge.
Squeezed limes, Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Shake ingredients, add ice, shake again, strain into coupe glass, garnish with orange twist.
Shake, Collins glass with cracked ice, top off with club soda, garnish with lime slice or shell of spent lime.
Shake without Izze soda vigorously for 10 seconds, strain into an iced Collins glass with a Chipotle Salt, top with Izze soda..  Garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake everything except seltzer and grapefruit wheel.  Strain, top with seltzer water and garnish with grapefruit wheel
Shake, double strain into a chilled, crusta'd coupette (rimmed w/ lime juice and coated w/ super-fine sugar), and garnish with an extra long pomegranate peel
Shake. Serve in a chilled coupe. 
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish with scored lime.
Shake; serve over large rock; garnish with cardamom.
Shake with ice, strain to coupe with ice ball (hence the name), express & discard lemon peel.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain over ice, top with soda and bitters, garnish with mint sprig.
Combine liquid ingredients in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake well until chilled, about 10 seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass; garnish with lime zest.
Shake all ingredients together, double strain, garnish with a single basil leaf.
Shake vigorously with ice, double strain into coupe, garnish with orange peel
Shake, strain, tiki mug, crushed ice, straw.
Shake and strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Shake all ingredients except lemon wedges with ice, strain in small wine glass. Spritz both lemon twists on top and garnish with one.
Stir, large cube, lemon twist garnish
Shake all ingredients, strain into a chilled coupe.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist lemon peel over the top and discard.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Rinse a chilled coupe with chartreuse, shake all ingredients with ice and strain into the glass.
Combine all ingrdients into a mixing glass with ice.  Shake and strain into mini cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Rinse glass w/ Pernod.  Shake, strain, garnish.
Shake, strain, serve on ice.
Muddle limes well and rub oils on side of glass.  Pour in Iced Tea then Cocchi, finish with bitters.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a lime wedge.
Build in a pilsner glass over crushed ice and swizzle. Top with mint and bitters, and serve with straw.
Muddle leaves from 1 sprig rosemary in bourbon. Shake, double-strain up. Garnish with 2nd sprig rosemary, optionally flamed.
Shake, strain, serve up.
Stir with ice until well chilled and strain into a very cold glass
Shake. Coupe. Grapefruit twist.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain into highball, top with beer, add spoon and straw.
Combine ingredients in a hurricane glass over crushed ice. Stir well. Garnish with lime wheel.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with orange peel and nutmeg.
Muddle parsley in gin and simple. Stir and strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with remaining sprig tucked into the top of the drink in a wreath.
Muddle the orange peel with the Angostura bitters, vanilla liqueur, and maguey sap in a rocks glass. Add an ounce of the tequila and some ice, and stir. Add the remaining tequila and more ice, and stir until the glass is well-frosted.
Stir, strain over sparkling wine and rocks in a Collins, float garnishes.

Combine ingredients, froth egg white, add ice and shake, garnish with grated pepper and generous fresh-grated cheese.
Shake, strain over fresh ice. Express oils from grapefruit peel over drink and garnish.
In a shaker, muddle all ingredrients except the egg white.   Add ice and the egg white to the shaker and shake vigorously.  Double-strain into a chilled martini glass.  Garnish with a thin slice of pineapple.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, coupe
Shake, strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.
Stir and strain.
Shake all the ingredients with ice, then strain into a coupe. No garnish.

Shake, strain into a coupe, garnish.
Place all liquid ingredients in a shaker tin, and add ice. Shake for 5-6 seconds, then add chai tea bag. Shake for 5 more seconds. Fine strain twice into a porcelain tea cup. Garnish with orange oils and freshly grated nutmeg. Finish by adding one large piece of clear ice.
Stir, strain over one large cube in a rocks glass, express and discard grapefruit peel.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Add the garnish.
Stir all ingredients except Barritt's with ice in a shaker. Strain into a Collins glass full of crushed ice. Swizzle for 15 seconds, top with Barritt's and stir in gently.
Muddle limes, strawberries, simple syrup. 
Shake, strain, up. Optional cherry garnish.
Dry shake all ingredients then add ice and shake. Double strain over cocktail coupe. Garnish with edible flower.
Combine all ingredients in a blender.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a wine goblet, garnish with grated nutmeg.
Build in a shaker, Shake briefly, strain into collins glass, then fill with crushed ice.  Float a quarter ounce of Amaro CioCiaro.
Shake and strain into cocktail glass, garnish with orange spiral.
Muddle, shake, strain, soda.
Shake Ingredients then strain into cocktail coupe.
Shake, strain, sugared rim
Shake, strain.
Add ice and shake ingredients, double strain into Old Fashioned glass with 1 large ice cube. Garnish with orange.
Shake with ice. Strain into absinthe rinsed coupe. Float a whole star anise.
Build in glass over ice, topping with the soda, and stir. Garnish with speared pear wedges.
Crystallized ginger or cherry, Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, strain into a Collins with an ice shard, top with soda, garnish with half a grapefruit wheel, serve with straw.
Over ice, stir gently, strain, serve in cocktail glass, add lemon twist
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Build in a shaker, add large ice cubes.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker and shake vigorously with cracked ice.  Strain into a coupe glass.
Blend at high speed for 20 seconds, strain through wire-mesh strainer into a tall glass, top with more ice.
Shake well, strain over fresh ice in large rocks glass; garnish with half grapefruit wheel and fresh grated nutmeg.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with small slapped mint sprig and, optionally, another drop of rose water.
Shake, strain over rocks and soda.
In an ice-filled highball, combine and garnish.
Shake for 30 seconds, strain over rocks in a highball, top with brown ale, garnish with candied ginger.
Muddle the oregano and agave nectar.
Crush ice in blender - you want some fine ice and some smaller pieces. Add everything except garnish, blend briefly, pour unstrained into a coupe. Garnish.
Put the ice cream out to soften. In a large punch bowl, whisk egg yolks with a few tablespoons of sugar until lighter in color. While whisking, add a few ounces of brandy to "cook" the eggs. Add the cream, then the half and half, then enough milk (around 2/3 of it), then taste. You want the mixture to be a bit richer than half and half. Add a bit more milk if you need to. Add vanilla, then taste, and correct for sugar.  Add most of the remaining brandy, remembering to taste - this should have a detectable amount of alcohol, but should not be overpowering or raw tasting. With a scoop, add about half of the ice cream to the punch bowl, and whisk it in. Float the remaining ice cream in the bowl for cooling. Whip the egg whites to medium peaks with a bit of sugar. Add the whites to the bowl, and mix in gently. Grate some nutmeg on top of punch, then pass the grater for guests to garnish as they will.
Combine ingredients and shake
Shake, rinse, strain, up.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Pour into punch bowl with ice chunks, ring, or cubes - stir - add a handful of fresh mint leaves and a lemon cut into thin slices - serve with in punch cups with elaborate garnish and toys (cherries, pineapple, mermaids, monkeys, elephants, flamingos, etc.
Shake, strain, up, cocktail glass
Shake all but tea and strain over rocks into a Collins glass. Top with tea and garnish with a lemon wheel and candied ginger.
Shake, strain,  up.
Build in Shaker, Shake well, Strain over large ice in rocks glass, garnish with grapefruit peel expressed and inserted.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, express peel and drop
Stir, strain, goblet, twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a scored lime slice.
Shake and strain.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake everything (including 4 mint leaves) and double strain. Garnish with 1 mint leaf.
(Dry shake and) shake, strain, up.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain into something stemmed and stir the beer in, garnish with a green apple fan.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with orange twist
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Combine ingredients in a mixing glass and stir with ice cubes until chilled. Strain into a double rocks glass without ice, then garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, float. Garnish with a slice of either fresh or candied ginger on a pick
Stir first four ingredients, strain to coupe, top with champagne, garnish.
Shake w/ ice, strain, serve up
Shake ingredients. Strain into chilled coupe. Express oils of lemon peel.
Stir, strain, up. Twist & drop.
Muddle ginger in agave nectar. Add rest of ingredients and ice. Shake. kill bacteria from mexico
Shake, strain over ice in a highball, express and insert twist. Some garnish with nutmeg, though this is not considered traditional.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Muddle Pink pepper berries, shake with ice, strain, in coupe. 
Heat cider well, mix other ingredients, pour into a double walled glass and add pepper
Stir on ice. Strain over large ice cube into rocks glass. Add a twist of orange.
Build over ice in mixing glass, shake for 15 secs or stir for 30, strain into coupe. Freshly pitted cherry garnish optional.
Shake, strain, coupe, straight up, garnish
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
In a shaker, muddle 2 cucumber slices and combine with 1/2 oz. each St. Germain and simple syrup, 1 oz. fresh lime juice, and 2 oz. tequila. Shake with ice and serve on the rocks in a double rocks glass. Finish with a dash of Peychaud's bitters and garnish with a slice of cucumber.
Mix over ice, stir, strain into chilled coupe, garnish w/ lemon peel.
Flame tarragon with bitter spray and lighter if possible. Muddle tarragon with lemon juice in bottom of a mixing glass.  Add ice, tequila, pear liqueur, and bitters and shake.  Double strain into ice filled bucket glass.  Top off with Soda and garnish with tarragon sprig.
Build in mug, stir, garnish.
Shake, strain over one big rock, topping with ginger beer, and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg dusted on a lime wheel.
Shake, strain, up.
In a glass combine bourbon, allspice dram, honey syrup, lemon juice and bitters.  Shake and strain into an ice filled Old Fashioned.  Top with port.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Add the garnishes.
Shake, strain, up
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir and serve up with an orange twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Muddle 2 sprigs of Thyme in bottom of mixing glass with SImple Syrup.  Add remaing liquid ingredients, add ice, and stir.  Double strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Build in a double rocks over ice and stir.
Shake ingredients once without ice, then with ice. Strain into lowball glass, and garnish with freshly grated coffee bean.
Stir with ice; serve straight up with a maraschino cherry garnish
Muddle the persimmon chunks, add the rest of ingredients with ice and shake, double-strain into glass without ice. No garnish.
Gently muddle basil leaves and pine nuts in a mixing glass. Add gin, vermouth, ice and stir.  Double strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, garnish with a lemon twist.
Add all ingredients to shaker tin except beer. Shake hard and double strain into Collins glass. Add 3 oz. IPA. Add ice. Garnish with blueberries on bar pick and straw.
Combine all ingredients over ice and stir.  Strain over a large ice cube in a rocks glass.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker, shake well, strain into a chilled glass and garnish.
Shake all but soda/tonic water and pour fine strained over fresh ice into a Collins. Top with bubbles. Garnish with candied ginger and lemon wheel, serve with straw.
Stir ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled coupe. Optionally garnish with a celery leaf.
Shake with ice, strain. No garnish
Tie the sprig of mint around the stem of a Nick & Nora glass. Shake remainder of ingredient and double strain into the glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Swirl with Ice, Serve.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Shake & strain into chilled cocktail glass. Express twist, rim glass, and drop in.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, fine strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
First, add the eggyork with barspoon of caster sugar into the shaker and hand-whisked.
Shake, strain, Collins, top with soda, serve with straw.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake all ingredients. Strain into collins glass. Top with soda water. Garnish with an orange wedge speared with a Luxardo cherry.
Add bitters to ice filled rocks glass.  Add bourbon and stir. Add cider and stir.  Enjoy!
Shake all ingredients (except soda) with ice. Strain over ice into a highball glass. Fill with soda water, garnish with lemon peel.
Stir, strain over a rock, highball, garnish
Stir, strain, up.
Stir/Strain/Up?DGAF about garnish. GO ahead and use a potato, I don't care.
Spank mint and add to collins glass. Add  1-2 ice cubes and swirl around.  Add rye, ginger beer.  Top off with ice. Stir to mix
Stir, strain into coupe, grapefruit twist
Blend everything and pour unstrained into a tall glass and top with more crushed ice.
Shake, double strain, up.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass rinsed with Ardbeg, flame some orange oil over top as a garnish then discard the peel
Muddle sage, shake with ice, serve straight up -- garnished with a sage leaf.
Rinse tumbler with grenadine. Add Amer and ice, stir, add soda and stir gently. Float brandy if desired. Garnish.
Dry shake or 'whip' cocktail then Shake all ingredients (except black pepper) vigorously over ice. Strain in chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with black pepper.
Add all the liquid to an ice-filled glass and stir for at least 1 minute to release the flavors. Strain into a coupe and garnish with the peel.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Gently muddle mint, add all other ingredients and shake well over ice. Strain over crushed ice and garnish with mint.
Shake, strain into a coupe. Garnish with a dash of nutmeg.
Combine Pimm's, Cointreau, Limoncello, cucumber and mint, add ice, shake and double strain into a ice filled Collins glass..  Top with ginger beer and garnish with mint sprig and cucumber wheels.
Muddle cuke slice in Cynar in serving glass, add Pimm's, ice, and tonic, stir, and garnish.
Combine, add ice, shake and strain into a an ice filled large Old Fashioned glass.  Garnish with a banana chip.
Shake, up, sour glass or coupe.
Shake, strain, down
Muddle aromatics, add ice, Pimm's, ginger ale, and stir.  Fernet Branca Float.

Shake and strain into a chilled coupe; Garnish with two drops of celery bitters.
Batch as much as you can to preserve sanity, and build over ice in a Collins, garnishing lavishly with strawberries and seasonal fruit.
Muddle cucumber and lemon slices in a chilled silver chalice, add Pimm's, soda and ginger wine.  Stir and add ice to fill the glass, garnish.
Dry shake, shake with a couple of ice cubes for 30 seconds or so, strain into an ice filled Collins and spoon out some of the foam to top, garnish with kaffir lime leaf.
Shake, strain over one long ice shard in a Collins, garnish with slapped mint sprig, serve with straw.
Muddle cucumber and sage. Add remaining ingredients, shake with ice and strain.  Garnish with cucumber.
Shake, strain over a hand cut ice cube in a double rocks glass, garnish.
Muddle pineapple rings and Peychaud's. Add remaining ingredients and shake well over ice. Double strain. Lemon twist garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, collins glass. Garnish
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish, straws.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a fizz glass, top slowly with soda poured over the back of a barspoon until the egg white blooms.
In a shaker, start by muddling the pineapple chunks.  Add all other ingredients, shake with ice, double strain into coupe.  Garnish with lime slice.
Lightly muddle, shake with crushed ice, pour without straining into a wine glass and serve with a cocktail pick for spearing cantaloupe chunks.
Chill, shoot or sip.
Shake, strain into absinthe-rinsed glass, flame, express, and discard lemon peel.
Shake with ice long and hard and pour into an chilled traditionally-over-sized cocktail glass.  Garnish with a cherry.
In a shaker, gently muddle the sage leaves. Add the remaining ingredients and shake with ice, then double strain into a coupe. No garnish
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Shake without ginger beer, strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Top with ginger beer and garnish with a grapefruit peel.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain into coupe, garnish with lime wedge.
Shake with ice, strain in a cocktail glass, no garnish
Shake, strain, coupe.
Add bitters to mixing glass and stir down for 1 minute. Add gin and stir for at least another minute. Strain. Up. Lemon twist optional.
Pour soda into Collins glass with ice. Shake remaining ingredients with ice and pour over soda.
Combine all ingredients without ice in shaker and dry shake. Add ice, shake until frothy, double strain into coupe. Garnish with lemon peel or drops of Angostura bitters on top of foam.
Shaken, served over crushed ice in a rocks glass with a cherry
Shake, strain over rocks in a wine glass, garnish with a lime wheel and a pineapple wedge.
Dry shake, Shake, double strain, coupe glass, no garnish
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, garnish with a rosemary sprig and lime wheel, serve with straw.
Build in order in a double Old Fashioned glass. Twist peel over top and garnish.
Stir, strain, up, float.
Add all ingredients except soda & bitters to an ice filled cocktail shaker--minimally shake to combine; strain and pour into an ice filled highball glass. Add soda and give a quick stir, top with bitters, and garnish with a peach slice
Shake, strain, up.
Build in shaker, add egg white, and dry shake.  Add ice, shake well, strain into collins glass without ice.  Top with soda and lemon peel expressed and discarded.
Shake without ice, then add ice and shake again until frothy. Strain into chilled flute. Garnish with drops of bitters.
Dry shake all ingredients except bitters. Follow with an ice shake. Strain into a coupe glass. Drop bitters on top and garnish with a shake of pumpkin or Chai spice.
Combine all ingredients and stir with cracked ice. Strain over one large ice cube into a double rocks glass and garnish with a flamed orange peel.
Shake, stain, straight up, cocktail glass
Peel an entire lime and coil it around ice in a highball glass--from top to bottom.  In a mixing glass add the remaining ingredients and stir to incorporate.  Pour into highball and enjoy
Mix and enjoy in vessel of choice.
Shake w ice. Tall glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Dissolve apricot jam in Chardonnay. Add other ingredients. Shake, stir & strain. Serve in a coupe. Garnish with star anise.
Garnish with Orange and pineapple slice, maraschino cherry
This is a Manhattan variation: stir the brandy, vermouth and bitters then strain into a chilled, Islay-rinsed cocktail glass.
Stir/strain/rocks/lemon twist
Shake well with ice and strain into a chilled martini coupe. Garnish with a dried lime slice.
Shake, strain, rocks, collins glass. Garnish
Highball with cracked ice
Shake w/ ice, dump into a glass. Grate a bit of nutmeg on the top, or not. Drink. Repeat (often).
Shake, strain, up. For extra credit, top with a "cloud" of Licor 43 or Galliano foam (see note).
Shake everything with plenty of ice.  Pour unstrained into a tall glass.
Mix the lemon peel and sugar with a dash of seltzer in an old fashioned glass. Fill it with cracked ice, add the other ingredients, and stir until the glass is frosted. Garnish with a pinch of nutmeg.
Stir, strain, garnish.
Build in Collins Glass, over ice, add soda water last
Stir, strain over one large cube in a chilled rocks glass, garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Thouroughly muddle a quartered lime with  mint and cucumber, add other ingredients Shake, double strain, coupe
Combine all. Shake with ice. Strain.
Build in mug, topping with hot water, and garnish.
Make coffee (original recipe used espresso but strong coffee from a French press/cafetiere is fine). Mix all ingredients in cocktail shaker and serve in cocktail glass. No garnish.
Muddle a small handful of arugula in a mixing glass. Add the vodka, Cynar, St. Germain, dash of celery bitters, and ice. Stir, and double strain into a chilled coupe. Express a lemon twist, rim the cup with it, and float it as a garnish.
Stir with ice in a mixing glass and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Dry shake all the ingredients except the club soda, wet shake, strain into a collins / highball glass with ice, top with club soda.
Shake, strain, twist peel and garnish.
Peel a large orange and combine the peels in a small bowl with 1/2 cup of sugar to make an oleo saccharum. Cover and let macerate overnight, occasionally stirring. The next day, add the juice of the peeled orange to the mixture and stir in another 1/4 cup of sugar until dissolved. Add the punch's other ingredients, refrigerate until chilled, add a punch-sized block of ice, and ladle over crushed ice to make six servings. Garnish with orange wheels and cinnamon.
Shake, strain, rock, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Combine liquors, juice, dram, syrup and bitters in an ice-filled cocktail shaker. Shake, and strain into a chilled lowball glass filled with a king cube; rim the glass with a flamed lemon peel and drop in to garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, tumbler, iceball, twist, garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, double strain, up.
Build drink in shaker or pitcher; add ice and shake or stir. Serve in a rocks glass filled with cracked ice (put cubes in a gallon ziplock, bash 'em). Garnish with lemon wheel.

Shake, strain over ice, top with beer, garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass (or on rocks)
Stir, strain, cocktail.
Stir, strain into chilled glass, twist and discard lemon peel, garnish.
Add all ingredients with ice, shake, strain, garnish, no ice
Rim old fashioned glass with orange wedge & sugar. Shake liquids with ice and strain (no ice). Garnish with orange twist.
Stir, strain over fresh ice, express and drop in twist.
Shake 1st 4 ingredients, strain, ice-filled highball, top with seltzer, stir gently, garnish with bitters and orange swath
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with fennel pollen.
Blend and pour unstrained into a coconut shell or tiki mug; garnish with a gardenia.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass
Combine. Stir with ice. Strain over ice into old fashioned glass.
Dry shake; shake; strain; up; garnish
Build in a collins glass over ice. Top with Club Soda.  Garnish with Black Peppercorns and a twist of Grapefruit or Lime Wheel.
Stir ingredients for 2 minutes in ice, then strain into a coupe glass that has been pre rinsed in Absinthe. 
Highball glass, add ice, seltzer
Shake, strain, up.
Stir all ingredients in a mixing glass until cold. Strain into a chilled rocks glass without ice and flame a large oval of lemon peel for garnish.
Build in a pontarlier glass and top with crushed ice. Garnish with a pineapple leaf and fruit in season. Serve with straws.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Build over ice, stir gently.  Optional blood orange or lime slice garnish
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail or coupe, garnish with cherry
Shake, strain into a Collins, top with ice and soda, garnish with orange peel, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, up, serve with a sidecar of sparkling wine.
Combine all ingredients, shake.  Strain, serve up in coupe glass.  Garnish lime slice.
Muddle sage gently, add all but sawdust, shake, double strain, chilled coupe (or on the rocks). Smoke with Bourbon-soaked sawdust under dome, garnish.
Blend at high speed for five seconds with plenty of ice, pour unstrained into a tall glass. Alternatively, shake and pour into a double old fashioned glass. Garnish with a slapped mint sprig.
Shake, double strain, rocks, top with beer, float two lime wheels as garnish.
Muddle blackberries, shake all ingredients and double strain into a coupe. Garnish with blackberry.
Shake, double strain over crushed ice, garnish with mint sprig and raspberry.
Chill a cocktail glass. Shake ingredients with ice, then double strain into glass. Garnish with a lime wheel.
Blend for five seconds. Pour un-strained into something tall and tacky. Garnish extravagantly.
Shake, double strain, up, garnish with a lime wheel.
Combine all ingredients in shaker tin and dry shake to emulsify egg whites. Add ice and shake for 20 seconds. Fine strain into large coupe.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish lavishly with fresh fruit.
Mix everything (except Chartreuse & Nutmeg)) with a lot of cracked ice, shake well and strain.  Float the Chartreuse on top with a spoon and add a dusting of the grated nutmeg
Shake together with ice.  Strain into coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, cocktail
Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker, dry shake to emulsify proteins. Add ice, shake well. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with 3 dashes bitters.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Stir, strain, rock.
Shake, strain into an absinthe-rinsed coupe.
In a mixing glass add Rye, Sour Mix, Cinnamon Bark Syrup and Bitters. Stir and strain into Tall Rocks Glass filled with ice.  Top with Ginger Beer.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass over one large rock, twist.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Dry shake, wet shake, strain into a coupe
Stir, strain, rocks, low-ball.
Shake, strain, up.
Macerate ginger and gently pop cherry with a dash of aromatic in Old Fashioned glass.
Garnish with orange peel.
Stir, strain into a coupe, garnish
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake and Strain all but soda into a double old fashioned glass filled with crushed ice.   Top with club soda. Garnish: Twist of Grapefruit.
Lightly press mint leaves at the bottom of a Collins glass and top with crushed ice. Shake other ingredients, strain them over the crushed ice, top with mint sprig and rum float, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake all but the bitters with three ice cubes and strain into a pilsner glass. Fill the glass with crushed ice until it cones over the top. Garnish with the bitters.
Shake; strain into highball over spear ice; top with soda water and garnish with candied ginger.
Gently press mint (8-10 leaves or so) with simple syrup in a julep cup or equivalent. Add Cognac and Rye, preferably high proof (90-106) versions for historical accuracy. Stir gently. Add crushed ice to fill. Stir gently again to raise frost. Add more crushed ice mounding over top of cup. Garnish with mint and optional splash of dark rum. Drink through a short straw.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, chilled Old Fashioned with a large ice cube.  Garnish with expressed lemon peel.
Pour gin over ice in a rocks glass, squeeze in lime, top with bitters and tonic.
Shake, strain, up
Muddle the rhubarb, lemon, and bitters in a shaker until broken down. Slap tarragon and muddle/stir it in. Add rest of ingredients except club soda and shake with ice. Strain into a Collins over fresh ice, add club soda, and garnish with a long Meyer lemon spiral.
Build in a glass, stir with ice, strain into a chilled coupe. Express orange oil over the surface of the drink and rub the rim of the glass with the peel.
Shake with ice, strain into a double rocks glass over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with a lime wheel and cherry flag.
Shake and strain into a large, crushed ice-filled rocks glass.
In a Long drink glass with ice, add the Pisco, Orange Juice, pineapple Juice and the last un dash of grenadine.
Stir all of the ingredients, and strain into a chilled coupe.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir with ice and strain in to chilled coupe
Shake well with ice and strain onto fresh ice.  Garnish with some freshly grated nutmeg over the top.  Sip, close eyes.  Contemplate destroying an armada.
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a chilled rocks glass over one large cube.
Stir over ice, strain into chilled glass
Shake, chilled single rocks glass, no garnish.
Stir, strain, one large rock, twist.
Muddle lemon wedges with mint, salt and simple. Shake. Strain. Rocks glass over crushed ice. Garnish with ample mint.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Stir with ice, up, garnish with a flamed orange peel.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail, garnish
Combine all ingredients in a glass filled with ice and stir.  Garnish with cucumber wheel.
Stir all ingredients except for lemon peel. Serve over one large ice cube.
Dry shake all ingredients (except simple syrup and bitters). Shake again adding ice and simple syrup. Pour and double strain into a Coupe. Place 5 drops of bitter and use a tooth pick to ru/drag a line through them.
Stir with ice, strain into rocks glass with a cube.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain over fresh rocks. Garnish with lemon swath
Shake, strain, up, float wine, garnish with fresh grated cinnamon bark.
Dry shake 30-60 seconds, shake with ice 20 seconds, strain, chilled coupe, garnish
Shake, strain to mezcal rinsed coupe, garnish.
Build in a wine glass over chipped or pebble ice, topping with tonic, and dash the bitters on top. Express and insert the grapefruit peel.
Stir, Strain, Up, Coupe. Twist and discard garnish.
Mix everything but the Ginger beer into a 750mL bottle a couple hours in advance, shaking until the sugar & molasses dissolves. 
Add ingredients in mixing glass and give a quick stir (do not add ice). Rinse rocks glass with Smith and Cross, add in cocktail. Twist and discard lemon peel if you want.
Shake, strain, rocks or up.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake & double strain. Garnish with a blackberry.
Shake with ice.  Pour into a large tiki head.  Optionally garnish with orange and cherry.
Lightly muddle the cardamom. Add rest of ingredients plus ice, shake, and double strain into a coupe glass. Optional garnish of a cardamom shoot.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lime wheel garnish (optional).
Stir, strain, up.
Mix all ingredients, shake, double strain
Shake ingredients through egg white dry, then with ice. Serve  on the rocks in a Collins glass. Top with soda, garnish with bitters.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake; strain; coupe; garnish.
In a blender, add everything and blend on high for 5 seconds. Pour unstrained into a double old fashioned glass.
Add liquors and bitters to an ice filled shaker, shake till cold, strain and pour into a chilled martini glass.  Express the lemon peel and drop in

Swizzle on crushed ice, topping with fresh crushed ice. Garnish with more dashes of Peychaud's and fresh grated nutmeg. Serve with straws.
Stir with ice, strain, serve up with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, chilled coupe/cocktail.  Expressed garnish and enjoy.
Add all the ingredients to a shaker and fill with ice. Shake, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Muddle mint, add all ingredients, crushed ice, swizzle, mint sprig and lime shell garnish
Shake, strain, rocks
Shake, strain over crushed ice in a rocks glass, top with more ice and a mint sprig.
Combine all ingredients in shaker.  Fine strain into a coupe and garnish with a flamed orange.
In a mixing glass, combine the gin and Dubonnet, stir well.  Strain into a rocks glass.  Add a lemon slice, and on top of the lemon slice place a large ice cube or a couple normal-sized ice cubes.
Stir all ingredients over ice and strain into a chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a flamed cinnamon stick, optionally extinguished in the drink.
Stir with a big rock.
Crack coffee beans without pulverizing them and infuse in Ramazzotti for 24 hours before straining and bottling. To serve, pour 2 oz of mixture over a rock and garnish with an expressed lemon peel.
Shake/strain/up/twist.
Stir with ice, strain, garnish with orange zest.
Dry shake and pour into a sugar-rimmed, crushed ice-filled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Stir, strain into chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon peel.
Shake with ice, strain, serve in cocktail glass.
Shake or stir, strain, up.
Build in a Collins over crushed ice, stirring and adding crushed ice and a couple more dashes of bitters to top. Garnish with fresh peach slices or chopped dates.
Build liquor and bitters into 9oz old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Top with cranberry juice and stir. No garnish.
In a mixing glass, stir all ingredients with cracked ice until well chilled.
Shake on ice, strain in vessel of choice.
Stir with ice then strain into cocktail glass.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Build.
Fill old-fashioned glass with ice. Add rum and Barritt's Ginger Beer. Give gentle stir to combine. Garnish with lime wedge and cherry.
Rinse coupe, stir, strain, up.
Shake all ingredient except foam over ice, double strain in chilled cocktail glass. Top with crème de violette foam.
Shake vigorously with ice to build a nice head of foam. Strain into an ice filled Collins glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry and a chunk of pineapple.
Stir, up, express and garnish.
Make an oleo-saccharum: in a bowl, muddle lemon peel and black sugar hard to release oils, cover with plastic wrap and place somewhere warm for an hour. Add the tea and stir to dissolve the sugar. Let this cool, strain out the peels, then add the remaining ingredients, which should make about 25 ounces of punch. Strain this into a bottle and refrigerate, garnishing with nutmeg for service
Stir well with cracked ice. strain into chilled coupe. zest lemon twist. drop or discard.
Combine all but the prosecco. Shake until cold, pour into a cocktail glass, add brut prosecco to taste. Orange or lime twist for garnish.
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled coupe. Orange zest.
Stir, strain into a chilled glass, garnish.
Stir well with ice cubes in a chilled shaker, then pour unstrained into a Collins glass,  splash with cold club soda. Garnish with lime.
Muddle basil, mint, and a wedge or thick (1/4") slice of orange. Add gin, creme de violette, and campari and shake very well with lots of ice. Strain and serve up or over one large ice cube.
Stir, strain over a large rock, garnish with a large orange twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
First: Prepare Orange Foam.   Then: shake all but orange foam with ice, strain into a sugar-rimmed coupe or cocktail glass. Top with orange foam.
Stir, strain, coupe
Shake, strain, pour over ice and soda in a Collins, garnish with a lemon wheel.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Gently muddle sage with lemon juice. Add ice and all other ingredients. Shake. Martini glass. Sage leaf garnish
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with 7 evil exes.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a big coupe.
Shake & Strain into an ice-filled old fashioned glass
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Make an oleo-saccharum: Muddle 24 oz sugar (like Florida Crystals, something coarse) with lemon peels. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit some place warm for 1 hour. Dissolve sugar with hot water, add  lemon juice, strain out peels. This can be made a week ahead and refrigerated. Make raspberry syrup: Mash raspberries. Take 12 oz of raspberries, 4 oz water, 24 oz sugar and bring to a boil. Reduce by half. Remove from heat and add 12 more ounces of raspberries. Let rest for 30 minutes and strain, pressing on raspberries to extract all the juice. When you're ready to serve: Add all ingredients to a 3 gallon punchbowl. Correct acidity with Lactart.
Shake all ingredients except the soda water WITHOUT ICE very vigorously for at least one minute, preferably longer -- the longer the better. Then add ice and shake for 1-2 minutes, as long as you can manage, until extremely cold and frothy. Strain into a tall thin glass (no ice), or a very large old fashioned glass, and top with soda water. Stir gently.
Dry shake all ingredients but the cream until foamy. Add cream and ice and shake. Strain into a fizz glass (no ice) and top with the freshest soda water you have. Allow to settle, and then slowly add more soda to create a cloud of foam above the rim of the glass. No straws, no garnish. Bask and enjoy.
Shake, strain into Collins, top with tonic, garnish with mint sprigs.
Stir, strain, straight up, chilled coupe, express & discard
Squeeze lemon quarter into glass with raspberries, bitters and agave. Muddle raspberries. Add lemon rind, muddled raspberries, bourbon and creme de cassis to a shaker with ice. Shake and strain. I serve it up in a cocktail glass 'cause I'm fancy like that.
Shake with ice, pour unstrained, top with seltzer.
Combine, stir, garnish
Dry shake ingredients in cocktail shaker for 15 seconds.  Add ice.  Shake very thoroughly and serve by straining it through a fine sieve.
Stir sugar with lemon juice until dissolved. Add ingredients through egg white and dry shake. Add ice, shake again, and strain into a Fizz glass containing 2 oz ginger ale (Hansen's). Top off with a little more ginger ale if needed. Garnish with drops of Angostura Bitters and add a straw.
Muddle, shake, double strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build in a Champagne flute or other stemmed glass, topping with the porter, and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake well, without ice, until the egg white is good and foamy, about 10-15 seconds. Add ice and shake again another 10 seconds; strain into chilled cocktail glass. Prepare your broad twist of lemon and go in for the kill.
Stir, strain, up; garnish. This is my design.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish with an orange twist.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Combine, stir (**no ice**), old fashioned
Shake, strain, up.
Shake all (including nutmeg) and strain into a Tiki mug over fresh ice. Garnish with more nutmeg and a carved lime wedge pinned with three red and three black cocktail picks so it resembles a voodoo doll.
Stir with ice, strain into cocktail glass, garnish with orange twist.
Build over ice in a Collins.
Build in a Collins over ice and bubbles, stir, garnish, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, Collins, top.
Stir and strain into a coupe. Garnish with
Combine all but Champagne in mixing glass with ice and stir to chill. Strain to double old fashioned glass filled with ice and top with Champagne, garnish with blood orange twist
Stir all ingredients aside from the cherry. Strain into a coupe. Add the cherry.
Shake all ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled collins glass. Garnish with two cherries and put just a little dry ice into the glass. Serve with straws.
Shake, double strain, up. Garnish with a marionberry or espresso bean.
Shake. Strain. Service in rocks glass rimmed with smoked salt and Aleppo chili.
Expressed Orange Peel (lots), Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir on good ice, strain and smile.
Stir; strain; coupette. Float or discard lemon twist as desired.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail, garnish
Stir, strain, up.
Shake well with ice, strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Stir. Pour into chilled coup. Flame orange twist over glass. Don't put twist in.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with ice, strain and pour into a chilled martini glass
Shake with ice, strain.
Shake, strain, up. Garnish with cherry.
Stir with ice, strain into a rocks glass, and twist a grapefruit peel over it.
Stir and serve in a double old fashioned over rocks with an orange peel.
Moisten rim of rocks glass with lemon, coat lightly with sugar, finely ground black pepper, and salt mixed in a 12:3:1 ratio (.25cup:Tbsp:tsp).
First: Prepare Lime Foam. Then: shake all but lime foam with ice, strain into a cocktail glass. Top liberally with lime foam.
Stir the booze and the lime zest with ice in a mixing glass. Double strain into a chilled rocks glass. Serve neat.
Shake all ingredients with ice, double strain in double old fashioned glass. Fill with ice, garnish with blood orange wheel.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice.
Stir, strain, rocks glass with no ice, twist.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Mix the rye, blackberry liqueur, orange juice and bitters in shaker with ice. Pour contents in glass and add soda
Shake all but club, pour over large ice in a 12oz Collins glass, top with club & garnish
Build over a large ice cube, stir, express peel.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake (or stir), strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Place brown sugar cube in mixing glass and add bitters.Muddle. Then add scotch, ice and shake. Strain in collins glass over fresh ice. Top with Club Soda, and garnish.
Build in lowball over ice, stir
Gently warm (microwave) a fat teaspoon of wild elderberry jelly with a teaspoon of water, to make a smooth syrup.  Add to other ingredients and stir. Fine strain into a rocks glass over ice.
Stir, strain, garnish. Served up.
Stir over ice until well chilled, pour in chilled cocktail/coupe. Garnish with orange twist
Stir well with ice, strain into chilled Old Fashioned glass. Garnish at will and drown the regrets.
Shake with ice, strain into glass
Add the eggwhite and all liquid ingredients except for blackstrap rum. Shake once without ice and once very hard with ice. 
Muddle 1 strawberry. Add everything else, then shake with ice and fine strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a strawberry fan
Shake, strain, rocks, float a lime wheel.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail, garnish
Put in a shaker with half a cup of crushed ice, shake well and put in a Tiki mug - I guess a 14-16 Oz one , add crushed Ice to fill. Garnish with, eh- I dunno - half a grapefruit, ok, no - with a mint sprig.
Stir, strain, up.
Rim tiki glass or similar tall, ornate highball with coconut sugar. Build ingredients over crushed ice. Using a long bar spoon, swizzle stir the drink until the glass begins to frost (approx 45 seconds).
Stir with cracked ice for 30 seconds, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, twist.
Stir, strain, rock, express and drop in peel.
Shaken and pour into chilled highball, garnish with thinly sliced, macerated rhubarb
Stir, strain, up & twist
Muddle the lime pieces and sugar in a rocks glass, add rhum and ice, and shake. Add Angostura bitters on top and lightly stir in.
Stir, strain, rock.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Shake, strain, rocks, low-ball. Garnish with a swatch of lemon peel
Mix sugar cube, bitters and a splash of club in a lowball glass. Drop in an orange wedge. Muddle into a paste. Pour in Whiskey and Luxardo, fill with crushed ice, top off with sour and stir. (Garnish w/ a cherry if you're feeling "sconie")
Build in an Old Fashioned glass over crushed ice, topping with more crushed ice, add a straw,  garnish with grated lime zest.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Shake and strain into a Collins glass, garnish.
Stir, strain into absinthe-rinsed glass over a rock, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with grapefruit twist.
Shake & strain into a cocktail glass, garnish with a thinly sliced lemon wheel.
Stir, strain, coupe.  Express oil of lemon twist and discard.
Add liquors, bitters, 4 raspberries & lemon juice in an ice filled shaker, and shake until well chilled. Strain into a martini glass, float cava, and add raspberries
Combine all but the Champagne and soda in a bowl with a large ice sphere and chill ahead of time. Top with Champagne and soda and garnish with lemon wheels, rosemary sprigs, and star anise. Ladle and serve.
Build all ingredients in a shaker, shake with ice, double strain in a cocktail glass, lemon twist garnish
Shake gin, cucumber, bitters, and lemon (including hull) briefly to combine, then strain over fresh ice into a Collins. Top with soda, serve with straw. Garnish with lemon wheel, lime wheel, and cucumber slice.
Stir, straight, straight up, cocktail glass.
Stir with ice. Serve up or rocks (your choice).
Shake everything except rose water in dry cocktail shaker. Add ice. Shake, shake, shake, shake. Pour into cocktail glass. Drizzle with rose water.
Stir and strain into an absinthe rinsed high ball. Neat.
Layer Aperol in the bottom of your glass and top with one big rock. Shake the other ingredients and strain them slowly over the rock to preserve the layering. Garnish with a blood orange slice and a pinch of pink peppercorns.
Muddle the sage with agave nectar. add the rest, shake, strain. Garnish with a new sage leaf.
Stir, strain, OF, large ice.
Shake and strain over ice.
Shake all ingredients and strain into sugar/chili rimmed coupe. Garnish with a lemon/lime wheel.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain into an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with a grapefruit peel, expressed.
Add first 4 ingredients to mixing glass with ice and stir well.  Strain into martini glass and fill with champagne.  Garnish with flamed orange peel.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake in a Boston mixer with ice cubes, etc. etc. One pistachio nut to garnish.
Build in a wine glass, add ice, garnish with a grapefruit slice and strawberry slices.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Add all ingredients to shaker tin. Add ice. Shake. Double strain into chilled coupe. Serve.
Dry shake 30 seconds, shake with ice, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish with mint and drops of orange bitters.
Stir, strain, up, cocktail glass, garnish with a pistachio
Muddle berries in a pint glass and add all ingredients except Guinness.
Preshake all but bitters, shake again with ice, strain. Garnish the foam with a few dashes of the bitters.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass (or on the rocks), garnish with cherry or twist
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Cherry and squeezed lemon and orange wheels, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with orange twist and raisins.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir Scotch, vermouth, and bitters in a shaker with ice for 40 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Twist the lemon peel over the drink and drop it in.
Stir, strain, rocks, lowball
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Combine over rocks, shake and double strain into glass with one big ice block. Garnish with thyme spring. Turn on the Alton Ellis and enjoy!
Shake with ice and strain into coupe - garnish with pomegranate seeds
Shake, strain over rocks in a Collins, top with soda, garnish with orange and/or lime wheels.
Muddle mint and simple, add remaining ingredients and shake for 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass over fresh ice, garnish.
Combine in highball, fill with crushed ice, swizzle, top with crushed ice, orange slice, and cherry. Serve with straw.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass.
Shake with ice and strain into an ice filled old fashioned glass.  Garnish with lemon peel and Luxardo cherry.
Build in order in a goblet/Pinot Noir glass. Add cubed ice. Garnish with an orange slice.
Stir and strain into a chilled coupe glass.  Garnish with 3 coffee beans.
Build in glass, dropping in spent lime wedge, and top with ginger beer.
Shake with ice and strain into a Highball glass with fresh ice. Top with soda water (2-3 oz) and garnish with an orange slice. I added a straw.
Shake and strain all but the bitters - float this on top. To shortcut the ginger infused rum, I did a rapid infusion with an ISI cream whipper and fresh ginger
Shake, strain into a goblet over ice, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, double strain, cocktail glass, garnish with 1-2 strips of lemon peel.
Build and stir in a highball over ice, serve with straw. Optional apple fan garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, coupe, lemon peel expressed and discarded.
Stir, strain, twist, up.
Muddle mint, add all ingredients and gently stir for ~30 seconds. Double strain over 2-3 large ice cubes in 10 ounce collins glass. Garnish with mint sprig.
Shake all ingredients with ice, serve in rocks glass including rosemary sprig as garnish
Shake, fine strain into a cobbler glass over crushed ice, garnish with mixed berries, a mint sprig, and powdered sugar.
Muddle the Mint & Raspberries. Add ingredients and fill with crushed ice. Add the soda & swizzle until cold
Shake, strain into a flute or coupe, top with sparkling wine, garnish with a lemon twist (or rose petals).
Shake, strain, cocktail
Cherry, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
In a shaker, muddle pineapple, orange peel and bitters. Add remaining ingredients and dry shake for 45 seconds. Add ice and shake for 30 seconds. Double strain into a coupe.
Rinse cocktail glass with rosewater. Stir tequila and carpano and strain into glass. Garnish with flamed orange zest and add a few drops of campari to the surface.
Mix all ingredients with ice, serve in a tumbler and garnish with the rosemary twig
Shake, strain, up, garnish. Adjust syrup to taste.
Dry shake, shake, fine strain into a highball over ice, top with soda, garnish with bitters.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir ingredients over ice.  
Muddle, strain or double strain, up, garnish with rosemary sprig and a slice of fig.
Stir until chilled. Pour down rosemary into a rocks glass over a ball of ice and serve.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shaker. Rocks. Cocktail or neat.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist.
Shake all ingredients with ice. Strain into a martini glass.
Stir Imbue and vermouth in ice filled mixing glass.  Strain into chilled cocktail glass and float brut on top.  Garnish with wide orange peel.
Shake, fine strain into a coupe, top with sparkling rosé.
Combine all ingredients, shake with ice and strain into a chilled glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine with cracked ice and shake for 10-12 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail coupe, and garnish with two thin slices of apple on the edge of the glass.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake; strain; up; garnish.
Shake, strain: coupe. Garnish with lemon peel or mini pommes if available.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Stir, strain up into coupe, garnish cherries.
Stir, strain, express oil over top of drink.
Add all ingredients (except seltzer) to shaker, shake on ice, double strain into highball glass with ice. Top with seltzer water to taste.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a raspberry, an orange slice, or some combination of both.
Soak rosemary "wreath" in Chartreuse in lowball. Shake other ingredients. Ignite Chatreuse (perhaps with a Chartreuse mister). Let burn a moment, strain shaker into glass to extinguish. Top with cracked ice, stir, garnish.
Combine all but cassis in shaker, double strain. Dribble cassis down sides of glass into drink.
Swizzle in a footed Pilsner glass and garnish.
Muddle the cherries. Add remaining ingredients. Shake, double strain, straight up, garnish.
Rinse chilled glass with orange flower water, pour out excess. Shake, strain, up.
Build over big chunks of ice in a DOF glass and stir. Garnish with fresh grated lemon zest.
Combine ingredients into mixing glass. Add ice and stir for 10 seconds. Serve over a large ice cube, express with orange peel.
Stir Nonino and Cognac and strain into a flute over sparkling rosé. Express the oils of a lemon peel over the drink, rub the peel along the stem, and drop it in.
Shake, strain over crushed ice.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, Strain, Cocktail Glass
Place the sugar in an Old Fashioned glass. Add the bitters to the sugar, add the water and  3-4 cubes of ice. Stir briefly to dissolve sugar. Add rums and garnish with a Navel Orange peel.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Dry shake, wet shake, strain into chilled cocktail coupe.  Garnish with a swirl of 5-8 drops of bitters (Angostura, Bittermens Elemakule Tiki, Bittercube Jamaican No. 1, Dale Degroff's Pimento, etc.) atop the egg white froth using a cocktail pick.
Shake, double strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, Ephemere float
Build in highball, filling with tea.
Shake once without and once with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Garnish the foam with bitters.
Stir, strain, big rock.  Squeeze lemon and drop in.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Dry shake all ingredients, shake with ice & strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with freshly grated cinnamon.
Stir with ice, up, garnish with...an orange peel? Sure.
In a Collins Glass: muddle syrup, mint, and grapes. Add crushed ice and bourbon. Top with soda if needed. STIR, STIR, STIR UNTILL GLASS IS FROSTED! Garnish with a bourbon soaked grape wrapped in a pressed mint leaf. Add a lemon twist.
Stir with ice, pour over ice sphere. No garnish.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir, strain over ice, garnisonen with orange zest.
Stir, strain, rocks, low-ball glass
Add ingredients on the rocks in your highball glass of choice.
Throw. Strain over fresh rocks in a double old fashioned. Garnish
Stir, strain over ice, garnisonen with orange zest.
Combine ingredients and stir with ice for approx. 30 seconds; Strain into a chilled Old Fashioned glass; No Ice; Garnish with a Lemon Twist.
Stir, strain over one big rock, twist and garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir on crushed ice in an old fashioned glass, top with more ice, garnish, serve with straw.
Shake; strain; up.
Build in 16oz glass. Add crushed ice, swizzle, top with cream soda, twist.
Shake, strain into a highball glass filled with crushed ice. Top with bitters and garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, rock, garnish.
Place rye, lemon juice, maple syrup, egg white, and bitters in a cocktail shaker. Shake for 10 seconds without ice.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Muddle bitters and sugar cube, add everything else, stir, strain, rocks.
Combine ingredients over ice in highball glass, top with club soda to fill.
Shake, strain over soda and rocks in a Collins.
Stir and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Lemon peel garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain over ice, top with soda, garnish with Thai basil sprig.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain into a rocks glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake, shake, double strain into an old fashioned, garnish with three cherries and a Cara Cara orange twist on a pick.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir and strain into a martini glass
Shake, strain, chilled coupe or cocktail glass.  Top with soda water and garnish.
Muddle all but the alcohol in an old fashioned glass. Add crushed ice, add alcohol, top up with more crushed ice and garnish with a second sage leaf.
Add lime juice, Agave and mint leaves and bitters. Muddle. Add remaining ingredients and shake. Double strain in double old-fashioned over pebble ice. Mound ice and add mint sprig garnish.
Shake first four ingredients and strain over soda in a coupe. Garnish.
In a mix glass add all ingredients.
Shake all ingredients vigorously in a cocktail shaker. Strain into a chilled martini glass
Shake with ice. Pour into martini glass.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with the sage leaf.
Build in a high ball glass 1/2 full of ice. Stir gently to mix. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Combine in a shaker tin, dry shake for 5 seconds.  Add ice and shake vigorously for 10 seconds.  Strain into a chilled coupe glass.  Lime wheel garnish.
Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a salted cherry blossom.
Shake first four ingredients with ice.
Muddle strawberry. Add other ingredients. Shake. Double strain. Serve in a coupe and garnish with cocoa powder (if possible form a cross using a stencil)
Shake, strain, chilled coupe
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir over ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a cherry.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into cocktail glass.
Shake and Strain into a cocktail glass with a half beet salt rim.
Shake with ice, strain into vessel of your choice.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon peel.
Mix, stir w/ ice, strain into a lowball glass w/ a king cube and crushed maraschino cherry, top with a very light splash of club.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Pour the ingredients into a collins glass rimmed with salt and filled with ice cubes.  Stir.  Optional:  Garnish with a lime wedge.
Shake, strain, up
Add Campari and one big rock to a chilled rocks glass. Shake the remaining ingredients with ice and gently strain over the rock such that the mixed drink rests over the Campari. Garnish with an orange wheel.
Stir all over ice; strain into a rocks glass with a big cube.  Garnish with lemon twist.
Stir, strain into a glass with one large ice cube.
Place all liquid ingredients into a cocktail shaker and whip (shaker with a small amount of crushed ice, just until the ingredients are incorporated). Fine strain into a double old fashioned glass rinsed with Herbsaint and filled with crushed ice. Garnish with mint and candied ginger.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Lemon twist, Straight Up, Cocktail
In a blender, add all ingredients except Sherry. Blend for 10 seconds and pour unstrained into a tiki mug. If necessary, add more crushed ice to fill. Float sherry on top.
Stir, strain into a chilled double old-fashioned glass, twist.
Stir, up, garnish with peel after expelling oil onto the surface of the drink.
Muddle chipotle pepper, add other ingredients and rest (time allowing). Shake over ice and double strain into coupe. Garnish with bitters.
Lemon zest, Stir, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, strain over crushed ice, top with bitters, garnish with mint sprig and a dehydrated orange wheel.
Shake, strain, rock glass, straw.
Build in a wine glass over ice, topping with wine and a splash of soda. Stir, garnish, and serve with straw.
Stir, strain, rocks, lowball, express peel, garnish
Shake, double strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, chilled coup, orange or cherry garnish ootional.
Build over rocks in a wine glass, topping with wine and soda. Stir, garnish, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Muddle, shake, strain over crushed ice in a Collins, spritz, garnish with another Luxardo cherry and a mint sprig.
Stir, strain, up or on one rock.
Shake, strain into Chartreuse-rinsed coupe.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass rinsed with mezcal, float cucumber on top.
Rinse a coupe with mezcal and dump. Stir the remaining ingredients (except the grapefruit twist) over ice, then strain into the coupe. Squeeze the grapefruit twist over the drink and discard. No garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake ingredients with ice and double strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, flamed orange peel, drop into drink.
Lemon twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain over soda.
Stir over ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir with ice, strain.

Shake (including orange slice), strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Pour all but the Angostura bitters into a crushed ice-filled highball glass or tiki mug and swizzle. Garnish with the Angostura bitters and serve with a swizzle stick.
Add all the ingredients into mixing glass and fill up with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into an ice filled highball glass. Top up with 40ml Kombucha Cranberry and gently stir. Garnish with sprig of mints, thin slices of ginger and a physalis. Enjoy!
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Juice the satsumas and limes. Shake everything over cracked ice. Pour into salted rim glass.
Blend with a cup of ice until smooth. Pour unstrained into a Pilsner glass or other tall glass.
Muddle 1 Bing cherry in the bottom of a cocktail shaker; add egg, gin, syrup, lemon juice and liqueurs and dry shake. Add ice, shake, double strain into a chilled wine glass, garnish with new Bing cherry and a pinch of smoked sea salt
Shake. Coupe. Add the garnish.
Shake pimms, lime, and herbsaint in an iced shaker, strain into iced collins.  Top with birch beer and garnish with ramp leaf.
Shake, strain, martini glass/coupe, orange twist
Muddle, shake, double strain, rocks.
Substitute lemon bitters if needed.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Muddle pepper and basil in honey syrup and lemon juice. Add rye and ice. Shake and double strain into a rocks glass. Float Cynar and garnish.
Stir, strain, up. Optional cherry garnish.
Shake & strain, up, old fashioned glass.
Shake, fine strain, coupe, garnish with a swath of citrus cut to look like a kiss.
Pack lowball glass with cracked ice. In a second lowball or mixing glass, stir ingredient with ice, empty serving glass and rinse with Absinthe, strain and serve without ice. May also be served in a flute or cocktail glass
Muddle sugar cube and bitters. Add lemon juice, absinthe, rye whiskey, egg and dry shake for 10 seconds. Add ice, shake again. Double strain into a coupe and garnish with a few  more drops of tastefully-placed bitters.
Stir, sip.
Build in glass, topping with crushed ice, and garnish with a Douglas Fir-scented mint sprig and two cranberries. Serve with straws.
Shake and double strain into Collins glass over ice. Top with soda, garnish with mint.
Stir all well with crushed ice (except lemon peel). Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Rub rim with lemon peel, squeeze over top.
Stir, strain into rye-rinsed glass.
Muddle orange and lemon, add additional ingredients, shake well, strain into cocktail glass. Flame orange peel on surface of drink and use as garnish.
Stir over ice and strain into a chilled glass.
Shake, strain into coupe. Garnish with a long lemon peel curled into the glass
Shake/Strain/Up
Shake, strain into a rocks glass or two tea cups.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, serve up.
Flamed Lemon Peel, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir with ice, strain into a rocks glass, fill with ice, and garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir with ice, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over one rock of smoked ice in a double old fashioned glass, float the bitters.
Blend ingredients with a scoop of shaved ice at high speed for five seconds. Pour into cocktail glass. Add more ice to fill. Garnish with a gardenia or umbrella.
Freeze coconut water into two ice cubes in a tray. Shake with liquor, juice, and salt until cubes are completely slushy. Strain into coupe, twist, and garnish.
Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into martini glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Build, rocks, no garnish
Donate everything to a blender. Spin up like the devil for 3 seconds. Pour, unstrained, into a wisely sized bowl. Drink by yourself or with friends.
Dry shake the egg and Lime. Muddle watermelon. Add ice and shake. Strain into ice-filled Collins glass.
Stir, strain, one large rock, twist.
Shake with ice, strain into chilled coupe, serve up with lemon twist garnish.
Build in a shaker, shake well, but just under a normal sour dilution.  Serve up in a chilled, stemmed glass.
Shake, strain over one big rock in a double rocks glass, garnish.
Combine, stir, strain, pour low over ice
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Stir for a smoother mouthfeel if desired.
Shake and strain into an old fashioned glass over fresh ice and garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake hard, fine strain, double rocks glass with crushed ice.  Grated nutmeg garnish.
Stir, serve over a rock, splash bitters on top.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Add an orange zest twist as a garnish and serve.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Shake and strain into cocktail glass.Lime weel garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a lime wheel.
Dry shake, then add ice. Shake, strain, top with soda in a Collins glass.
Dry shake, shake, collins (up), top with soda.
Start with one "baker's" pinch of salt in a rocks glass. Add the Cynar and briefly stir. Add the Punt e Mes, bitters, lemon juice and ice. Stir briefly to incorporate. Taste, looking for only the faintest hint of salt. If the drink tastes salty, throw out your first attempt and adjust your salt levels. When the salt level is correct, express the oil from five swatch of lemon peel onto the surface of the cocktail, dropping one in along the side of the glass, skin side facing in. An 1/8 rim of salt will allow your guest to experiment with a few salty sips. Making the following sips pleasantly sweet, which will not make your brain hurt.
Shake, strain into a Collins, top with soda, garnish.
Shake all including orange twists and strain over rocks. Garnish with an expressed lemon twist.
Stir with ice. Strain. Add lemon twist.
Dry shake, shake, up, top with soda.
Add ingredients to julep cup or Collins, add some crushed ice and stir, top with more crushed ice and garnish with woken mint. Serve with straws.
Shake, strain, coupe.  Express peel over drink.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, Strain
Stir first 4 ingredients with ice, strain into flute, top with chilled Champagne, stir gently, garnish.
Build ingredients over one large cube in a DOF.  Stir.  Garnish with a pinch of salt.  Drink and remember your last beach vacation.
Short shake, add seltzer to the tin, double strain, garnish, boom
Shake, fine strain, straight up, large coupe. To make Sweet Corn Simple Syrup, puree sweet corn, strain through cheese cloth and mix 1:1 with simple syrup.
Dry shake, wet shake, serve up, peychaud bitters dropped on top and swirled
Muddle, shake, strain over crushed ice in a pilsner glass, garnish with another strawberry.
Stir, strain, up.
Dry-shake, then add a few ice cubes  and shake again. Strain into a chilled glass.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake all but Cherry Bark Vanilla Bitters and club, strain into a tiki glass with crushed ice.  Top with bitters, add a splash of club, and garnish with dusted marshmallows on a bamboo skewer (toast marshmallows before serving for best effect).
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir with ice; strain into rocks glass.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake with ice, strain into cocktail glass.
In a mixing glass, muddle the mint with a few ice cubes and the maraschino until the mint is broken to very small pieces. Add more ice and the gin and juice, shake until cold. Strain into sugar rimmed cocktail glass.
Build in rocks glass over a big cube
Stir, strain into absinthe rinsed glass.
Shake and strain into a chilled, nondescript glass of your choice. No garnish.
Add everything but the white wine in a shaker. Dry shake. Wet shake. Fine strain into a chilled sour glass. Float 1/2 oz. Sauv Blanc
Muddle in a Collins, top with crushed ice, float Campari, add more ice, garnish with a lime shell filled with Bacardi 151 and set aflame.
Shake and serve in chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange twist
Shake with ice, strain into chilled glass, garnish with cinnamon.
Add ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice.  Shake hard and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with a mint leaf.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Stir all ingredients but ginger beer ice in a rocks glass. Add ginger beer and give another stir.
Shake in cocktail shaker with cracked ice. Garnish with twist of lime peel and sprig of Thyme.
Combine all ingredients in an iced shaker.  Shake and strain into a collins glass filled with crushed ice.  Garnish with a pineapple leaf.
Rinse cocktail glass with absinthe and chill in the freezer, stir the remaining ingredients over ice until chilled. Strain into chilled and rinsed cocktail glass.OPTIONAL: spray a dash of absinthe onto the drink with an atomizer to confuse the drinker as to what they are about to taste (stupify) as well as add a bit more herbaceous notes to the flavor profile
Shake, double strain, up.
Shake, strain, sugar-rimmed coupe.
Whisk the sorbet with enough of the Prosecco to dissolve it, then add vodka, serve up, and top with prosecco.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Muddle seeds and bitters
In a mixing glass add everything but the peel. Add ice. Stir to chill and dilute. Strain over a single large ice cube. Flame the peel over it.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Lime wheel, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake over ice and serve in a chilled coupe glass.  Garnish with a flamed slice of lemon peel
Build All except Mole Bitters in a mixing glass, sometimes I go skinny on the rum and fat on the carpano.  Stir until diluted, strain into a chilled, stemmed glass, and garnish with 5 drops Mole Bitters.
Stir with ice, strain into ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with orange twist.
Dry shake, shake, strain over 2 oz Sprite, top with more if needed, garnish with three more drops Angostura, serve with straw.
Combine all ingredients with ice and shake until well chilled.  Double strain into an ice filled old fashioned glass.
Stir, strain, rock.
Shake with ice and strain into a chilled rocks glass filled with pebble ice.
Muddle, shake, strain over cracked ice, top with soda, garnish with another shiso leaf and more blackberries.
Stir and strain. Orange peel garnish.
Bruise, stir, strain, up, twist.
Build in order over ice cubes in a pilsner glass; serve with straw.
Shake without ice and pour into a shark mug or tiki mug over crushed ice. Dash Peychaud's all over as garnish. Serve with straws.
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Dry shake all ingredients except ginger beer. Shake with ice. Fine Strain into an ice filled collins. Top with Ginger Beer. Grapefruit twist.
Shake lightly - enough to marry the ingredients together (you're dealing with citrus, right!) but not enough to overly-dilute the ingredients.
Shake, strain into a hurricane glass over crushed ice, garnish with orange wedges and a brandied cherry, serve with straw.
Shake all ingredients over ice, double strain in sherbet powder rimmed tulip glass.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a Laphroaig-soaked and flamed cherry, dropped in.
Stir, Strain, Coupe, Flamed Orange Peel
Fill Tin Shaker full with 1" ice cubes and shake 10 to 15 secs until shaker is frosty.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with a thin strip of lemon peel tied around a mint bouquet, serve with straws.
Rocks glass. Build in order. One big cube. Garnish.
Shake, strain, up, optional grated nutmeg garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, goblet, garnish with fresh grated nutmeg.
Shake and strain into a large snifter glass. Add copious crushed ice, float rum, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg, and serve with a straw and a paper umbrella.
Stir, strain, rock, spritz.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail or coupette glass.
Shake everything with shaved ice, pour over fresh ice in a tumbler (or Collins, if you're feeling modern - a julep cup if you're feeling posh), garnish with fresh fruit in season, add straws.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, float oloroso, garnish with a mint sprig, an orange twist, and a cherry.
Shake, strain, cocktail glass, lemon twist.
Shake, Rocks, Lowball
Shake and pour unstrained.
Shake, strain, straight, up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake all ingredients except Peychaud's and strain over crushed ice in a Collins or other tall glass to create a blue layer. Pack crushed ice above that to create a white layer, and top with a red layer of Peychaud's (or Angostura). Alternatively, ignore the red/white/blue thing and the Peychaud's and just enjoy it as a fancy sour.
Shake with ice. Pour unstrained into tiki mug.
Rocks
Shake, strain, top with ginger beer and ice, garnish, serve with straw.
Mix in vessel of choice, drop in an ice cube, swirl and enjoy.
Stir all ingredients until chilled, pour in chilled cocktail glass and express oil of lemon twist into cocktail and drop twist in drink.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Prep cocktail glass with a rinse of absinthe and set aside.  Combine the rest of the ingredients in a mixing glass without ice, and dry shake with cocktail coil.  Add ice and shake again.  Strain into prepped cocktail glass.  Dot finished cocktail with couple drops of Angostura bitters and run straw through bitters.
Shake, strain, serve up in sugar rimmed glass. Garnish with orange peel.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir with ice, strain into rocks glass over a large cube
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe
Stir, strain, up
Shake with ice, strain into cocktail glass.
Stir briefly in a bar glass to release some gas from the tonic, then shake (carefully and quite slowly as the remaining gas will still try to open your shaker). No garnish. Serve straight up in a frozen small tumbler.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake first 5 ingredients in shaker, double strain into a coupe glass. hold a flame over glass and torch a few spritzes of the tincture over the glass. garnish with thyme sprigs
Stir all ingredients. Strain over large cube in rocks glass. Garnish with lemon swath.
Shake all ingredients with ice and 
Combine all ingredients, shake and fine strain into a coupe.  Garnish with lemon twist!!
Shake with ice and strain into coupe. Optional rose water garnish.
Dry shake then shake first four ingredients. Strain into long-ice-cube filled Collins. Top with soda, let foam settle, then add more soda to raise froth above the lip of the glass.
Rocks, stir, add twist.
Shake with ice, coupe.
Shake, strain.
Dry shake, add ice, shake, stain.
Muddle cucumber, 7 mint leaves, and salt.  Add liquids, shake, strain.  Garnish with remaining mint leaf and cucumber spear.
Shake, strain over soda water in a Collins glass, serve with straw.
Stir with ice, strain into scotch rinsed glass. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary, toasted with a match.
Build, ice, stir, strain, twist. Return[cocktail].
Mix all ingredients in an ice filled shaker and strain into a chilled coupe  Garnish with a large flamed orange rind
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain over ice and soda in a Collins, serve with straw, garnish with apple mint and candied ginger.
In a shaker, add first five ingredients over ice and shake. Strain into glass, drip absinthe into cocktail so that it louches.
Add all ingredients into a shaker with ice.  Shake vigorously and strain into a chilled coupe glass.  (optional garnish:  lemon twist).
Shaken, served in an Embassy Stem Glass.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake and strain into a cocktail glass. Grapefruit peel garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, serve with straw.
In an 8 ounce highball glass build over ice and stir until chilled.
Shake hard or blend for a foamy texture, strain into a collins glass. Garnish
Shake hard with ice and strain into a well chilled champagne coupé.
Dry shake, add ice, shake, strain into white wine or cocktail glass, garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over ice and soda in a Collins, garnish with a cherry and orange flag.
In highball
Shake on ice and strain to your favorite vessel. Sippy cups are permissible....
Syrup: Make sure not to leave the bark in too long or it will begin to take on a woodsy note.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine all ingredients and shake.  Fine strain over crushed ice in a Tiki cocktail glass or Collins.  Garnish with fresh berries.
Stir. Strain into chilled coupe. Garnish with orange twist.
Build the first four ingredients in an iced Collins glass. Top with the Angostura so it floats on top and slowly cascades toward the bottom.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe.
Shake on ice, strain onto large cube.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, twist.
Build in glass on ice, stir, garnish.
Stir with cracked ice and dump unstrained into a wine glass.
Stir, strain, straight up, coupe, flamed orange peel garnish
Shake, strain, up.
Stir first three ingredients, add orange cream citrate, strain over one big rock, garnish.
Shake, strain over ice into a highball, garnish, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir and Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Orange peel twist.
Top with Tonic Water. Stir in Salt and Pepper
Shake, pour into a hollowed out pumpkin, garnish with a toy zombie.
Shake, double strain over ice, top with switchel.
Stir with ice, strain, coupe
Dry shake all but soda water, shake, strain, ice-filled highball glass, top with soda water, stir gently.
Shake like hell, 2-5 minutes. Strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add all of the remaining ingredients except the twist and shake well. Strain the drink into a chilled coupe and garnish with the orange twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled glass.  Enjoy while swaying to the heartbreaking sounds of Pedro Infante.
Stir with ice, strain, coupe, garnish with cherry
Shake all ingredients with ice to chill. Fine strain into a chilled coupe and garnish.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir and strain over a big rock in OF glass. Add the garnish.
Build in pint glass, top with beer, stir gently.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker. Dry shake and pour over cracked ice in a tiki mug. Garnish.
Shake, strain, no ice.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, big cube, lowball, brace yourself.
Stir and strain into OF glass with big cube. Garnish with dehydrated/dried orange wheel.
Shake, rocks, blackberry garnish
Shake, Strain, Up Coupe
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake all ingredients. Strain into chilled Chartreuse-rinsed coupe. Express oils of orange peel, then discard.
Stir, stain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain into coupe. Dehydrated lime wheel garnish.
Shake all but the fizz water and strain into a highball glass containing a modest amount of ice. Top with the fizz water and dust with freshly grated nutmeg.
Shake all ingredients vigourously.  Strain into ice filled (chilled) double old fashioned.  Salt Ice not rim and garnish with Lime Wheel.
Muddle peach slices, shake with ice, strain on the rocks
Dry shake (if using egg), shake, strain into a porter or Collins, garnish with a few more drops of chocolate bitters.
Stir 15 seconds, julep strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish with floating star anise.
Rinse chilled coupe with Laphroaig.  Shake, strain, chilled coupe, garnish salt over drink.
Rim the lip of a Pilsner glass by lubricating with a lime wedge and rolling in a plate of salt. Add 4 perfect cubes of ice to the glass. In a shaker or mixing glass, combine the simple syrup, lime, grapefruit, Crema de Mezcal, and sherry over ice, and shake vigorously. Strain into the rimmed and iced Pilsner glass. Top with club soda, and garnish with the lime wedge. Serve with a tall straw.
Dry shake all ingredients in mixing tin, add ice, shake until well chilled, double strain into chilled cocktail coupe.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Muddle, shake, strain over one big rock, garnish.
Moisten the outer rim of a highball glass with a lime wedge and coat with smoked sea salt (I add chili lime rub from Williams-Sonoma to my rimming salt).  Fill half the glass with ice or use an ice ball.  Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, then add the tequila, Ancho Reyes, grapefruit juice, and simple syrup.  Shake well.  Strain into the glass, stir in the soda (I use Topo Chico carbonated mineral water), and garnish with a lime.
Stir 30 - 35 times. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up, small cocktail or scotch glass.
Stir, strain, old fashioned, rocks, no garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir and strain.
Pour into smoke in a suitable vessel.  Agitate to mix, strain, big rock.
Stir, strain, low ball, big cube
Stir, strain. One big rock. Express lemon twist and discard.
Mix, shake with ice, strain into Collins glass with ice.
Shake, rattle, roll. Serve over ice in collins glass.
Pour ingredients into a double old fashioned glass with ice.
Shake and double strain into a coupe.
Shake with ice and strain into a martini glass.  Express orange peel and use as garnish.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish
Build in a rocks glass with a few ice cubes and stir gently.
Stir and strain into coupe glass. Garnish with orange peel.
Shake SNAP and bourbon with ice. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with a burnt orange peel.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Twist a lemon peel over the top.
Dry shake, shake, strain into collins over ice. Top with soda. Drop bitters on foam, garnish with lemon twist and mint.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake all but sparkling wine, add wine to shaker and pour, straining, into a flute.
Dry shake, shake, strain over ice and cream soda in a Collins, garnish with grated lime zest.
Shake, pour un-unstrained into a double rocks glass.
Dry shake all but Prosecco and cocoa, shake again with ice for 40 seconds or so, strain into a Collins and top with Prosecco.
Shake, strain, lowball, big cube
Drink: Stir > Strain > Coupe... 
Rub mint leaf along inside of serving coupe and discard. Combine liquid ingredients, stir with ice, strain into coupe, spritz
Stir, strain, up, top with Champagne, garnish with a brandied grape.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe.
Shake with ice. Strain into chilled champagne coupe. .
Combine all ingredients and shake with ice. Strain into an ice-filled glass and garnish.
Place the leaves of one sprig of mint at the bottom of the serving glass as garnish, and top with ice and Champagne. Combine other ingredients including second mint sprig, shake, and double strain into the serving glass. Serve with straw.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake well with ice cubes and strain over fresh ice cubes into a rocks glass, then garnish.
Integration shake, strain over ice in a Collins, top with soda, stir, garnish, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, Serve up. Garnish cherry
Build in a rocks glass containing several ice cubes. Stir.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake without wine, strain into coupe, top with wine, twist and discard peel.
Stir, strain.
Combine, stir and strain ingredients then take orange peel and express oils over drink. Discard peel.
Stir, strain into a Collins over ice, garnish.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass.  Orange peel garnish.
Build, shoot. Alternatively, stir and sip.
Shake, strain into a rosewater-sprayed old fashioned glass over a rock, garnish with candied ginger.
Rinse glass with absinthe. Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rock, garnish.
Shake St Germain, Violette and grapefruit juice with ice, strain into coupe glass, top with sparkling wine and bitters.
Shake, strain in a DOF over one big rock, garnish with three black sesame seeds atop the rock.
Shake and strain into a goblet.  Garnish with a fancy lemon twist.
Combine ice with ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Stir and strain into a coupe glass.
Shake, strain, serve up. Maraschino garnish.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Shout at the devil.
Stir, strain, up, express and discard orange peel.
Muddle sage leaves with firm pressure for 30 seconds. Add bourbon, dram, maple syrup water, Meyer lemon and grated clove/nutmeg. Shake over ice vigorously for 20 seconds. Fine strain up into a rocks glass. Garnish with clove and nutmeg dusting and float a fresh sage leaf on top. Let the healing begin.
Shake with ice and pour without straining into a chilled Old-Fashioned glass.
Dry shake all ingredients except nutmeg.  Then add ice and shake, double strain and garnish.
Short shake all ingredients except soda on ice, strain to the empty shaker tin and add soda. Pour over fresh ice in collins glass. Add a straw and garnish with the lime wedge.
Muddle cherry and basil in shaker. Add rum and Cointreau, shake, double strain into tall glass over ice and top with soda.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain into ice-filled Collins glass.  Top with 2 oz. ginger beer.
Shake with ice and strain into a Highball glass filled with fresh ice. Garnish with a mint sprig and add a straw.
Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice, shake vigorously and strain into a chilled glass. Top with bitters.
Shake all but float vigorously, pour ungated to tiki glass & float overproof rum.
Muddle, shake, strain into a Collins filled with ice, and top with the Moscato (or other sweet/off-dry sparkling wine).
Muddle rosemary, add ingredients over ice and shake well. Pour in chilled cocktail glass, garnish with grapefruit peel.
Shake, strain, garnish.

In a cocktail shaker, muddle the mint. Add the other ingredients, shake with ice, and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a mint leaf.
Build over a large rock in a double rocks glass, starting with the syrup and tincture, adding the gin, and topping with tonic. Garnish with sprays and an orange twist.
Shake, strain, rocks, low-ball, lemon twist garnish
Dice Red Bell Pepper into 1/2" cubes 
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish.
Stir in mixing glass with ice, strain and serve onto a cocktail ice cube.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with an orange twist.
Muddle ginger with remaining ingredients, shake, double strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice, serve up garnished with a sprig of mint
Dry shake, shake, strain into Chartreuse-rinsed glass, float dash of bitters, garnish with a rosemary sprig.
Muddle mint in shaker, add ingredients, steep if desired, shake with ice, double strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Stir and serve cold, or heat and serve hot.

Stir. Serve in a cocktail glass.  Garnish with a grapefruit twist
Muddle tomatoes, add everything else, except beer. shake. fines strain into a footed pilsner glass. Add beer and fresh ice to fill the glass. Garnish with lemon peel/tomatoe flag.
Combine over ice, stir, strain, coupe glass, twist.
Shake, strain into an Irish coffee mug, top with whipped cream float, pour PX over the float.
Shake & strain.
Stir and strain, cocktail glass, flamed orange zest, discard the peel after flaming
Stir, strain, up.
Add rum and triple sec to tempered mug and ignite, putting out with Kahlua and topping with coffee. Float whipped cream and sprinkle nutmeg.
Shake all but Pedro Ximenez with ice, strain into crushed ice filled double rocks glass or Tiki mug.  Float sherry on top, garnish and enjoy.
Fill cocktail shaker with ice. Add bourbon, then bitters, sherry and cherry juice. Stir vigorously. Strain into martini glass and garnish.
Fill a pint glass with ice. Add the sherry, Campari, gin and vermouth and stir well. Strain into a chilled coupe and garnish with the orange twist
Muddle orange slice. Add Cynar, Bonal, rum and bitters. Stir for 30 seconds. Partially rim glass with salt. Strain into glass, float Cream Sherry on top, and garnish.
Combine ingredients in a mixing glass, strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with a spanked mint leaf.
Shake all components with ice and strain into a rocks glass over fresh ice.
Muddle, shake, strain, up, garnish with half a strawberry on the rim.
Shake, strain, up
Shake, strain, up.
Combine ingredients in an ice-filled cocktail shaker.  Shake well.  Double strain to remove mint fragments.  Garnish with a spanked mint leaf.
Shake all but sake, strain, up, top with sake, garnish with a candied ginger slice.
Combine all except garnish in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well, pour into old fashioned glass half-filled with ice (preferably one big rock). Cut and twist wide orange and lemon peels over glass, adding to glass as garnish.
Stir, strain over rocks, garnish with orange slices.
Dry shake, wet shake, strain into coupe.  Garnish with fresh grated nutmeg.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish with a cherry and an orange twist.
Shake, double strain, up, coupe
Combine everything but the Prosecco in a pitcher and chill. When ready to serve, pour over an ice block in a punch bowl and add chilled Prosecco to top. Garnish with lemon wheels, pear slices, star anise, and cinnamon sticks.
Shake Cognac, Honey Syrup, and Lemon juice. Double strain into a rocks glass with a large rock of ice. Top with Champagne and garnish with candied ginger on a pick.
Stir ingredients over ice and strain into a chilled coupe
Mix all ingredients except nutmeg in a shaker.  Dry shake to get the egg white going, add ice, and shake vigorously for a nice frothy mixture.  Strain into chilled glass and garnish with some freshly grated nutmeg
Bring the milk, chocolate, and cinnamon stick to a boil and then reduce to a simmer for 20 minutes until frothy and dissolved. Add tequila, Frangelico, and a pinch of chili powder to a coffee mug and top with hot chocolate mixture. Garnish with a pinch of cinnamon and a bit more chili or chipotle powder.
Shake all but the ginger beer with ice, strain into an ice-filled highball and top with ginger beer. Stir gently to combine and garnish with a dusting of grated cinnamon.
Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a stuffed olive and a small pinch of black pepper.
Muddle ginger+ basil. Shake all except soda, fine strain, Collins glass. Top with soda.
Shake, add soda water to the shaken mixture, fine strain into a punch glass with one rock of cracked ice, garnish.
Mix all but Demerara rum and mint with ice and give a brief shake. Pour over crushed ice in a Collins and swizzle. Top with more ice and mint sprig. Pour burning Lemon Hart 151 over mint sprig to create Spindletop oil gusher (it should extinguish shortly). Serve with straw.
In an ice-filled pint glass add the Nolet's, Pimm's and Tonic syrup and stir well.  Add soda water to near top and float a touch of Pimm's on top.  Garnish with a wheel each of orange, lemon and lime
Shake, strain, Collins, soda.
Muddle lime wedges, jalapeno, syrup, and bitters.  Add vodka and ginger beer, stir and strain over ice.  Garnish with jalapeno slice.
Stir all into large slow cooker. Heat on high for 2 hours. Lower to warm setting and stir before serving.
Shake, pour unstrained into a mug, top with more ice, serve with straw.
Shake with ice, serve up, garnish with a few drops of Ango.
Shake, strain over rocks in a Collins, garnish with grated nutmeg, orange and apple slices, a brandied cherry, and a Bicentennial flag toothpick.
Build in a tall (20 oz double-walled) glass tumbler, start  with cooled, previously brewed (organic Numi loose) green gunpowder tea, add ice cubes then  splash over the listed ingredients, topping them off with (Voss) sparkling water, gently stir.
Shake, strain into flute over sparkling wine.
Muddle cucumber slices (1/2")
Muddle 4 leaves basil slightly, add gin, lime and rhubarb in mixing glass. Stir with ice, strain into up glass. Garnish with smacked basil leaves.
Shake, strain, rocks w/ one large cube, garnish.
Shake, strain, serve up in coupe cocktail glass.
Shake gin, pisco, bitters on ice, strain in vessel of choice.  Drop sugar cubes in and merely crush.  Add cherries and give it all a couple brisk stirs.
Shake, double strain, coupe, garnish
Stir, strain, rinsed rocks glass, twist.
Stir, strain into either a coupe, up, or an old fashioned glass with a large cube/sphere. Garnish with a grapefruit peel, expressed.

Build in a mixing glass, Add large ice cubes, stir, strain into a chilled, stemmed glass, garnish with 10 drops stone pine liqueur.
Stir, strain, one big rock, lime wheel garnish.
Stir with ice, strain, coupe.  No garnish.
Build in a wine glass over ice, serve with straw, garnish lavishly.
Build over ice in an old fashioned glass. Squeeze lime, if desired.
Orange twist, Build, Rocks, Collins
Stir and strain into glass with orange. No ice.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Stir, pour over cube ice.
Shake, strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Salted rim optional. Garnish with lime wedge.
Shake all ingredients, except the ginger beer, with ice.  Strain into a tall ice filled glass, top with ginger beer, and give it a gentle stir to combine.
Peel the lime with a vegetable peeler.  Add the gin and peel to a highball glass and muddle together.  Add lime juice, bitters and tonic.  Fill glass with cracked ice and rub lime wedge around edge of glass, drop in and serve.
Prepare over ice in an old fashioned glass, serve with an orange wheel slice
Stir thoroughly. Note: this cocktail may contain errors due to how it was imported.
Build in a collins glass over ice; top with lemon-lime soda, garnish with a brandied cherry.
Build over crushed ice and swizzle to mix and chill. Float rum and bitters, and add a straw.
Stir, strain over a rock, slowly float apple juice over the drink. Optionally, garnish with a cinnamon-dusted apple slice.
Dry shake, shake, strain into a latte glass, top with Guinness, dust with chocolate powder or nutmeg.
Muddle cilantro, cucumber, and agave.  Add ice and remaining ingredients.  Shake vigorously.  Double-strain into 9oz old-fashioned glass.  Garnish with cucumber slice.
Muddle the mint leaves, lemon juice and simple syrup in a shaker. Add the alcohol, shake and double strain in to a glass filled with crushed ice. Top with tonic water and garnish with mint sprig.
Build in a mixing glass, stir until diluted, strain into a chilled stemmed glass, garnish with a flamed orange disk.
Shake, strain, serve up
Rinse, shake, strain, garnish.
Stir with ice, strain, and serve in a cocktail glass.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish, sip, give yourself a 'stache.
Combine all ingredients in mixing glass, add ice and stir, strain over ice in double rocks glass, garnish with home-made brandied cherry.
Collins glass
Dry shake with Hawthorne sprig, shake again with ice, double strain into coupe. Pattern bitters on foam. Float star anise pod (starfish) on foam.
Stir. Up. Garnish carefully with oil from Orange peel. Discard.
Orange peel, Stir, Rocks, Lowball
Shake, add sparkling wine, strain over crushed ice, garnish with raspberries and an orange half slice, serve with straw.
Stir, strain, coupe, twist
Shake, strain over ice in a Collins, garnish with a lime wheel.
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe glass.
Combine all ingredients and dry shake, add ice and shake vigorously.  Fine strain into a large coupe or cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir/strain/rocks/lemon twist
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir/strain/up garnish with sarcasm and box wine.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Important: NO substitutions.
Dry shake and then shake with ice. Strain into fizz glass or coupe.
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake and strain into a large vessel containing ice. If batching for 50 or so drinks, reduce the lime by 25%.
Shake all ingredients with ice, double strain into a chilled cocktail coupe.
Stir, strain, up
Stir, strain, up
Shake, strain, float absinthe.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Dry shake all ingredients (except nutmeg) for a minute to emulsify.  Add ice and shake another minute.  Strain into an ice filled rocks glass and grate nutmeg on top
Stir spirits briefly with lemon peel, and then strain into a pint glass. Slowly top with cider and garnish with nutmeg.
Muddle vodka, gin, agave, and kumquat in Collins glass. Fill 3/4 with ice, add tonic, float bitters on top.
Shake, strain, crushed ice, snifter
Shake, strain into a Champagne flute, top with sparkling wine, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Combine everything in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake well about 10 seconds; strain into chilled sour glass or cocktail glass.
Combine and stir over cracked ice in mixing glass. Strain and pour into a chilled old fashioned glass. Express lemon peel and discard. Garnish with a cinnamon-dusted green apple slice.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake all ingredients well with ice and strain into a chilled martini glass.  Garnish with a flamed orange peel.
Stir with ice, strain up in chilled glass. Garnish cherry.
Add between a dash and a teaspoon, to taste, of absinthe to Calvados, lemon, and sweetener, shake with ice, and strain into a highball over ice and Champagne (or, more festively, into a Champagne flute over bubbles).
Shake. Strain to rocksglass over fresh ice. Top with soda. Garnish with lime spiral and be sure to express some of the oils over the top of the glass.
Build with Sloe Gin on bottom, then Green Chartreuse, Lemon, Gin, and dash Angostura.
Shake, strain, Collins, ice, soda, straw, twist.
Chill a coupe with ice. Pour in a little Herbsaint like you're making a Sazerac and discard the ice and Herbsaint (though leaving a little is nice). Shake and strain everything else into the chilled glass.
Shake without ice to mix. Dump to chilled Collins glass and add crushed ice. Swizzle. Add more crushed ice to fill. Garnish with a mint sprig and a lime wheel.
Shake, strain into a double old fashioned over crushed ice, lightly swizzle, float light rum and garnish with mint.
Pour the créme de violette over ice in a highball glass. Add St. Germain and lime juice, and top with Champagne. Garnish with a wedge of lime.
Stir the Gin and Dubonnet in a mixing glass with 6 drops of walnut bitters and an ice cube or two.  Stir for about 30 second and pour into a coupe.
Shake all except soda, strain, top with soda. This is possibly the original Singapore Sling. Perhaps Kirschwasser would be better than Cherry Heering.
Stir, strain, up or rock, twist.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir, strain, up or on one big rock, twist.
Stir, strain, serve up.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Rinse rocks glass with an Islay scotch and fill with coffee ice cubes. 
Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice, shake vigorously, strain into a chilled glass and garnish.
Muddle Berries, Basil, Agave & Lemon Juice, shake with Tequila, serve over ice, top with soda.  Garnish Strawberry, Basil Leaf
Remove the top from a strawberry, cut into quarters and muddle in a mixing tin / glass.  Add the remaining ingredients; ice, shake and fine strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a few quick twists of black peppercorn from a pepper mill, and a few atomizer spritzes of 25 year old Pedro Ximenez sherry vinegar (or other high quality balsamic vinegar).
In a blender, add everything except the basil and process until slushy. Pour into a pint glass and garnish.
Stir/strain/rocks
Garnish with Orange Peel
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Muddle berries and herbs with simple syrup. Add all other ingredients. Shake vigorously. Serve up in a coupe glass.
Muddle the strawberries. Add everything else. Swizzle until ice forms on the outside of the glass.
Stir, strain, rocks glass, orange twist
Shake with ice, double strain into a dougle rock glass over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with a celey stick
Stir with ice, pour unstrained into a double rocks glass.
Shake, strain over Prosecco.
Muddle limes, Build in shaker, shake and roll then top with soda water and garnish with a piece of sugar cane.
Shake, strain, coupe. Garnish if desired.
Stir with ice, up, rocks glass.
Shake all but champagne and strain into cocktail glass. Top with bitters.
Stir, strain, rock.
Stir very briefly with only a cube or two of ice, and strain into a chilled and Scotch-rinsed glass over one large rock. Flame orange peel and drop in.
Shake, strain, serve and garnish in the Tiki fashion.
Shake, strain, rocks.

Shake without ginger beer, strain, rocks, highball glass, top with ginger beer, stir gently, garnish.
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle rosewater, bitters, and cucumber; add ice, rest, shake and strain.  Rim glass and garnish with additional cucumber slice.
Dry Shake everthing but the ginger beer. Pour over crushed ice in a tiki glass. Top with ginger beer. Mint and orange slice garnish.
Shake ingredients. Double strain into a chilled rocks glass neat. Garnish with a grapefruit peel.
Stir with ice; garnish with orange twist.
Briefly shake with ice, baby, strain over crushed ice in a pilsner glass, garnish with a bouquet of mint, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Hard shake all but fernet, strain into a double old fashioned over rocks, float fernet.
Shake all but Champagne,iced Collins glass, float Champagne, garnish.
Muddle the berries and syrup, add other ingredients and stir. Serve over crushed ice and garnish with strawberries and cucumber.
Shake and strain into a rocks glass filled with crushed ice.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir all ingredients with ice until chilled. Serve in a martini glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake with ice, serve up (coupe glass).
Build in a highball. Fill with ice.  Add equal parts vodka, passionfruit syrup, and cranberry juice over . Mix well. Fill with ginger ale. Stir lightly. Garnish with a couple small basil leaves.
Stir, strain, big rock, lime wheel.
'dissolve' ginger with juice(it wont totally melt).
Muddle a cheek of Pear with Gomme, add rest of ingredients, shake and double strain into rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a pear fan.
Shake and then strain into cocktail glass.  Coat rim with orange peel and garnish with orange peel twist.  Any grapefruit juice will do, but preferably fresh.
Crack chiltepin pepper to release seeds. Shake all ingredients except bell pepper grenadine, double strain in double rocks glass over ice. Float grenadine syrup, garnish with cherry.
Sounds WAY too sweet. Needs acid. Try more Bourbon too / less other stuff.
Shake, double strain over rocks. If served up, call it a Lion in a Coma.
Stir, strain into a Chartreuse-rinsed and chilled glass, twist.
Take your cucumber and slice paper thin. Place the slices in the bottom of a shaker and muddle. Add in the lemon juice, simple syrup, and gin. Fill to the top with ice, and shake. Garnish.
Stir, strain, up, chilled coupe, garnish.
Stir with ice. Strain into chilled coup. Express lemon twist, and garnish if desired.
Shake hard for 45 seconds, until the tin is almost too cold to touch. strain, float remaining rum.
Stir over ice and serve over 1 big block of ice
Incorporate matcha into syrup, shake, strain, rocks.
Shake first four ingredients with ice and strain into absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon.
Combine, add ice, shake, strain into chilled glass, twist orange peel
Lightly shake or stir to combine, strain into a julep cup, top with crushed ice, garnish with slapped mint, dash bitters directly onto mint and insert straws in mint.
Combine all ingredients (1 of the thyme sprigs), shake, and double strain into Collins glass with ice. Top off with soda water and garnish with thyme sprig.
Shake with crushed ice, pour unstrained into a double rocks glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, up. No garnish.
Stir, strain into chilled/absinthe-washed coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, float orange flower water, express and insert twist.
Combine in cocktail shaker with ice. Stir. Strain and pour into coupe glass
Shake over ice, strain, add cherry.  Heavy old fashioned glass is the vessel of choice.
Prepare as a Vieux Carré (stir and strain) garnish with julienne lemon peel on an ice ball.
Shake, dry shake, strain, up or neat, garnish with more nutmeg.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist, garnish.
Swirl the triumvirate in a snifter, enjoy slowly.
Combine in a mixing glass with ice. Shake, strain into cocktail glass. Twist lemon peel over surface of drink and discard. Top with 3 slices of cucumber and pinch of sea salt on top of the cucumbers.
Muddle 1/2" slice cucumber with pisco and tequila. Fine strain, top with soda (optional) and garnish with cucumber slice.
Ramos shake, Collins, soda, express oil from the orange peel.
Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Add ice and shake to chill and dillute. Strain into a rocks filled, frozen, double old fashioned glass. Grate fresh nutmeg over the top.
Rinse a chilled double rocks glass with the mezcal; discard the excess. Fill a pint glass with ice. Add all of the remaining ingredients except the twist and stir well. Strain into the prepared glass, pinch the twist over the drink and discard the twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a cherry skewered on a sprig.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a thyme sprig speared through a cucumber slice.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir with cracked ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, add soda to shaker, strain over ice in a tall glass, garnish with a raspberry skewered through a lemon wheel and a slice of candied ginger, serve with straw.
Shake the first four ingredients with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail flute or coupe OR build in an ice-filled old fashioned glass and stir briefly to combine.
Muddle one wedge pineapple in juice and honey. Add bourbon, shake, strain into double rocks glass with a big rock.  Garnish.
Shake. Strain into chilled Coupe. Garnish with a Lime twist.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake well with ice. Serve down in a chilled glass, either a small tumbler or a large shot glass.
Stir all ingredients but orange twist over ice and strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with orange twist
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with a fresh blackberry.
Shake ingredients (except beer) with ice and pour into a rocks glass.  Top with 2-3 oz of IPA beer (recipe called for Harpoon). Garnish with an orange slice and add a straw.
Stir over ice, strain into chilled coupe glass.  Garnish with orange twist.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build in a water goblet. Fill with crushed ice and swizzle to mix. Insert a wide lime twist in the glass, top with ice, and add a straw.
Put ingredients into blender with 4 oz crushed ice. Blend at high speed for 10 seconds. Pour into glass and garnish with mint sprig.
Shake, strain, up, garnish with a dried apricot on a pick.
Stir, Strain, Up in a cocktail glass.
Combine all in small (8 oz.) mason jar. Refrigerate. 
Stir over ice and strain.
Shake, double strain into Collins glass. Top with soda. Garnish with celery strip and blackberry.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over one big rock, garnish.
Shake pineapple & ginger infused vodka, lime juice, vanilla syrup, and chocolate bitters.  Strain into Collins glass over crushed ice; Garnish with Angostura bitters and mint sprigs.
Shake vigorously. Strain. Coupe
Mix all ingredients except bitters in a shaker and dry-shake, then shake again with ice. Strain into a chilled coupe and garnish with Burlesque Bitters. Lightly swirl with a toothpick.
Mime shake then shake over ice. Fine strain into coupe & garnish
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball. Omit syrup of a slightly tarter presentation.
Muddle the leaves of one mint sprig, add all ingredients but ginger beer and bitters to an ice-packed Collins glass, swizzle to chill. Top with ginger beer and bitters, garnish with a lemon coin and a slapped sprig of mint.
Stir. Up. Lemon twist.
Stir, strain, big rock. Twist & drop in.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Dry shake, long shake, double strain into Collins over soda and ice shard, top with more drops of orange flower water.
Shake with ice and fine-strain into a chilled Absinthe-rinsed coupe. Garnish with a cucumber ribbon on a pick.
Build each ingredient in a shaker (except for bitters and lime peel), add a large ice cube, and shake for 25 seconds. Double strain into chilled coup glass. Twist, drop, and drink!
Stir, strain, up.
Put ginger, falernum, lime, and mango nectar into a shaker and muddle the ginger well. Add rum and ice and shake well. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Shake all but seltzer and orange wedge, strain over fresh ice into a highball, top with seltzer, garnish with orange wedge.
Flash blend, pour without straining into a mug.
Put the ingredients in a mixing glass full of ice and stir to chill. Strain into a double old fashioned glass over a single large ice cube. Twist an orange peel over the surface of the drink and garnish with the peel.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a clove-inspected orange peel.
Stir with ice in a beaker and strain into a rocks glass with a large cube. Garnish with orange peel.
Dry shake, shake with ice.  Fine strain, chilled coupe or cocktail glass.  No garnish.
Build in glass, stir with ice, express peel and drop in glass.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist, cherry.
Shake, strain, up, orange twist.
Orange twist, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Swizzle or integration shake with crushed ice, and pour into something tall, topping with more crushed ice. Garnish with woken sage and a spent lemon shell, and serve with straws.
Build in collins glass filled with ice, stir gently, garnish with lime.
Combine with ice, stir & strain into a cocktail glass.
Orange twist, Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass half-rimmed with sugar, express lemon peel, garnish.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir and strain into cocktail glass. Orange twist garnish.
Shake all together including orange and lemon peels and strain into a coupe. Garnish with three more drops of Angostura.
In a shaker, muddle the mint, cucumber and simple syrup. Add the Averna, gin and lime juice, and fill with ice. Shake well and double strain into a tall glass filled with fresh ice. Top with club soda, stir gently, and garnish with a mint sprig and cucumber wheel.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Build in glass on a rock and stir five or six times, garnishing with a wide lemon swath.
Shake all but sparking wine, strain into a Champagne flute over wine, garnish.
Blender-muddle the Thai basil, rum, and juice. Combine with syrup and salt. Fine-strain into a tin, shake, and strain into 2 coupes.
Shake, strain over fresh ice in a pint glass, garnish with nutmeg.
Brew, muddle and stir in sugar in tea until dissolved, add other ingredients, garnish, serve over ice.
Muddle blackberries in simple, shake, double strain over ice in a highball glass, stir in soda, garnish with three more blackberries on a skewer.
Add all ingredients to an ice filled shaker and put a motion in the ocean.  Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with a wedge of lime
Shake, strain over crushed ice, top with club soda, garnish with an orange slice.
Stir, strain, straight up, chilled absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass
Shake 15-20 seconds.  Pour over tumbler-full of ice.  Garnish with Luxardo cherry.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Assemble all liquid ingredients to a shaker pint. Give the drink a hard dry shake, add ice, and then a full shake, strain into a coup. Flame the star anise, place directly in the center of the drink, and place drops of the tincture on the compass points.
Shake all ingredients with ice and fine strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with orange twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Pour all ingredients into a shaker with ice.  Shake.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Drop a twist of lime into the drink
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir and serve up in a cocktail glass. Finish with a wide orange peel.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
In an ice-filled Tom Collins glass add all ingredients and stir. Garnish with the wedge of lime
Stir, strain, one large rock, twists.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with orange twist.
Stir over ice, strain
Gently muddle the mint and agave syrup in bottom of mixing glass.  Add tequila and strain into julep chalice filled with crushed ice.  Stir until outside of glass is frosty.  Top with more ice (if necessary). Drizzle Cointreau over the top and garnish with sprigs of mint. Sip with two short straws.
Muddle, shake, double strain into rocks glass half-rimmed with salt and ground jalapeño pepper. Garnish with another basil leaf, smacked.
Add ingredients to a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into a chilled martini glass.
Build the the tequila, lemon juice, simple syrup, and club soda in a highball glass; add the cassis and grenadine last for the sunrise effect
Pour the Campari and soda into a Collins, fill with cubes, shake the other ingredients and strain carefully over the ice, serve with straw.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Muddle the lemon, add sage and gently muddle. Add remaining ingredients, shake, strain into ice-filled collins glass, sage bouquet garnish.

Shake, strain, up, add grenadine and allow it to sink to the bottom of the glass, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain into a highball over ice and soda, garnish with a slapped mint sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir with ice then strain into a chilled coupe, garnish with a lemon twist
Use crushed ice for shaking (5 sec) and glass.
Smack mint, add gin and grapefruit cordial to shaker with ice - shake. Strain if you like, but I prefer the torn mint leaf "garnish". Pour over ice and top with soda.
Stir/strain/rocks/lemon twist
Stir with ice, strain over a large ice cube, garnish
Shake, double-strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir with ice, serve.
Separate eggs. Beat sugar and yolks. Stir in mezcal. Whip the egg whites and fold in. Stir in the milk slowly. 2-3 hrs in fridge before serving.
In a cocktail shaker, crush 4 basil leaves and the pineapple to a pulp with a muddler or wooden spoon. Fill shaker about halfway with ice and add simple syrup, tequila and lime juice. Shake well and strain into a cocktail glass. Top with a splash of soda and float last basil leaf on surface.
Muddle, shake, strain over ice and top with ginger beer
Stir on ice, strain, garnish with orange twist.
Combine gin, Lillet blanc and cranberry shrub in mixing glass over ice, stir to combine, strain into flute, top with dry prosecco or cava.
Shake on ice, strain into vessel of choice - ideally a wine glass for incognito
Combine everything. Dry shake. Then shake with ice and strain into handsome cocktail glass. Garnish with an extra drop or two of bitters in foam.
Rim martini glass with basil leaf then drop in glass. Shake other ingredients over cracked ice. Strain into glass.
Stir vigorously for 30 seconds
Stir with ice and pour into a chilled coupe.
Shake all ingredients with ice.
Shake, strain, double rocks, crushed ice.  Garnish with a pineapple leaf and wedge.
Stir, strain into a Champagne flute.
Pour ingredients over two cubes of ice, swirl, enjoy.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Add rye, calvados, canton, honey and lemon juice to a 12oz enamelware mug.  Top off w/ ~4-6oz hot water.  Grate nutmeg across the top, drop in a cinnamon stick, stir thoroughly and add a lemon wheel
Stir all but Cava with ice, strain into flute, top with Cava & garnish.
"Dry stir" to dissolve citric acid, stir, strain, rock(s). Express, rim & drop in both peels.
Fill a Collins glass with ice. First, add St-Germain, then rosé, then club soda and bitters. Stir well, and garnish with a long lemon twist.
Stir with ice. Serve up with a brandied cherry. Smile.
Shake all ingredients, strain into a chilled coupe.  Garnish with a single mint leaf, or shaved dark chocolate or cocoa power.
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass containing a large ice cube. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake/Stir/Strain with jalapeno slice garnish.
Shake all ingts and strain into a coupe.  Garnish with a cinnamon stick wrapped with an orange peel
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir, strain, chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.

Shake booze and juice, double-strain into flute. Top w Prosecco and float bitters on top. Garnish with grapefruit swath
Build in a Collins glass over ice--top with IPA, and garnish with a lemon twist
Stir, strain, up.
Shake liquids with ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish w/ grilled orange slice and sprig of chocolate mint.
Blend everything on high for 5 seconds and pour, unstrained, into a tall glass. Garnish with a pineapple spear (dash) and three cocktail cherries speared together (dots)
Stir, strain, rocks, twist.
Shake well with ice and double-strain over fresh ice in a rocks glass.
Build ingredients in glass; add fresh ice and stir. Garnish with orange peel.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Muddle pear and nutmeg together until well mashed. Add all other ingredients and shake vigorously over ice for 30 seconds. Fine strain into an ice filled rocks glass. Garnish with a thin slice of pear dusted with ground nutmeg. Sip and experience fall with all five senses.
Build in a mug. Garnish with a cinnamon stick and a pinch of either cinnamon or nutmeg.
Hard shake, double strain over ice in a highball glass, garnish with mint and blackberries, serve with straws.
Muddle thyme leaves in a shaker tin with lemon juice and syrup. Add eau de vie, shake with ice. Double strain in a cocktail glass. Garnish with a pear slice and thyme sprig.
Build with crushed ice; garnish with fresh thyme; beware of Morlocks
Build in copper mug or tall glass over ice, stir, serve.
Shake and strain over crushed ice. Garnish with a lime wheel, mint, and an orchid.
Stir. Strain over big rock in OF glass. Garnish with grapefruit oil from the twist. Discard.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball. Add straws. Optional garnish of lemon twist.
Shaken, strained, up in a rocks glass.
In a rocks glass add cane syrup. Squeeze lime and express oils. Stir to combine. Add crushed ice to fill, top with rhum, and stir briefly. Let the drink stand for a minute, as the ice brings out complex flavors. Obviously, the better the rhum used, the better the drink will be.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up
Shake and strain into a cocktail glass.
Dry shake, shake another 10 seconds with ice, serve in an old-fashioned glass.
Shake rum, canton, licor 43, bitters and half a strawberry w/ ice, strain and pour into an ice ball filled 12oz chalice.  Garnish w/ half a sliced strawberry
Build in collins glass containing 4 ice cubes. Garnish with one or more of the following on a cocktail stick: pineapple chunks, mandarin orange slices, raspberries, or maraschino cherries.
Stir, strain in a double old fashion glass over 1 large ice cube
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, lemon twist
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, pour without straining into tiki mug, garnish.
Shake with ice. Strain into an ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with a slice of cucumber and a paper umbrella.
Stir, strain, up. Garnish with a cherry.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass

Shake with large ice cubes for at least 20 seconds. Pour entire contents of the shaker, pulp and all, into a mule mug. Garnish with a thin fresh lime wheel dipped in cane sugar. (Or double-strain into a chilled coupe, if you absolutely must — but this drink is meant to last for a while on a hot day, not look pretty.)
Mix all ingredients in a shaker over ice; strain into chilled coupe(maybe with a rinse of Campari?) Garnish with lemon twist and a few pomegranate seeds
Build over a big cube of ice in a rocks glass. Gently swirl.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a brandied cherry.
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain into a coupe, garnish with grated nutmeg
Add all ingredients into shaker. Shake. Fine strain into cocktail glass. Serve up with long lemon twist.
Rinse and discard excess absinthe; stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, one big rock. Garnish with a grapefruit twist and drop a pinch of salt on the rock.
Shake, strain into a goblet filled with crushed ice, float Chichicapa, serve with straws.
Muddle three tomatoes with lime juice in the base of a shaker. Add remaining ingredients and shake with ice. Double strain into a chilled glass and garnish with speared cherry tomato and one fresh mint leaf.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with a cherry or a lemon zest.
Stir liquid ingredients with ice; pour into Old Fashioned glass with big cubes.  Express and drop lemon in to garnish.
Shake all but club soda, strain into ice-filled collins glass, top with soda
Whisk egg yolks until thin, then while whisking, add rum, sugar and spices. Whip whites until they are stiff peaks. Fold whites into yolk mixture until it is the consistency of a batter. Reserve this batter. For each individual serving, in a 6 oz heatproof mug, take 1 Tablespoon of the reserved batter, 2 ounces of the brandy, and stir to combine. Add the hot water, and stir. Grate nutmeg over the top to garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain over one big rock, express lemon oil and garnish.
Muddle tomato, cilantro, chile. Add tequila, cointreau, lime. Shake, strain, serve up.
Shake ingredients (except ginger beer) with ice, and strain into ice-filled rocks glass. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with flamed lemon twist.
Stir all but bitters; strain; bitters on top.
Shake, strain, coupe, garnish.
Shake, strain, rocks. Optional, salted rim.
Shake with 1 basil leaf and strain into a chilled Double Old Fashioned glass with ice.  Garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe.
Muddle ginger and jam, Add the other ingredients except garnish, shake and strain into an ice filled rocks glass.
Shake with ice, strain into an old fashioned glass over 1 big ice cube. Garnish
Stir, strain into rinsed coupe, garnish with fresh cherry.
Stirred, up, garnished with orange peel and candied chestnut on a pick.
Shake hard with ice and double strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, old fashioned with one large ice cube, no garnish.
Shake in batches, gated pour to volcano bowl.  Optional garnish with fire or citrus fruit.
Combine Cocchi and Suze in Collins glass with ice. Top with soda and garnish with lemon.
Shake all ingredients in an ice-filled shaker. Strain into a coupe and garnish with the lime peel.
Muddle peel in low-ball glass, add ice, build, stir
Stir, strain into a Champagne flute over Champagne, twist.
Shake, strain into salt-rimmed glass, garnish.
Bruise mint in julep cup, rub against inside of the cup and discard, add other ingredients with crushed ice and swizzle, top with mint sprig.
Stir and strain down into a double-old fashioned glass. Express the lemon oil and wipe the peel along the glass rim before you drop it in.
Stir with ice; strain; cocktail glass.
Stir. Strain into absinthe-rinsed coupe. Lemon twist
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain over one big cube, garnish.
Build over crushed ice in a wine glass. Gently stir, top off with crushed ice and garnish with an orange peel
Shake, strain, up.
Shake and strain into a crushed ice-filled rocks glass.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake first five ingredients, strain, coupe, float red wine
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir with ice and strain into a coupe glass rinsed with Green Chartreuse
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish with a mint sprig and a paper parasol through a cherry.
Add all but coconut milk and bitters to mixer and dry shake, add coconut milk and shake with ice, double strain into a Nick and Nora, garnish with flamed Tiki bitters.
Stir first 3 ingredients for 20 seconds, strain, rocks, old fashioned glass, float apple juice.
Add the ingredients to an ice-filled mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a small coupe, thin sherry glass or delicate absinthe glass. Garnish with a dried orange wheel.
Stir. Strain. Coupe.
Stir with ice and strain into cocktail glass
Stir, strain, down, large cube
Split and scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the blender, add the other ingredients and eight ice cubes. Pulse the blender a few times to break up the ice, then blend until smooth.
Shake and strain, tumbler with rocks, fill with italian dry champagne, garnish with some cucumber slices
Build in a shaker excluding orange and coke.  Shake quick and roll into a collins glass.  Top with 2 oz coke and an orange peel expressed and inserted.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, rocks, lowball or coupe, garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into a chilled rocks glass
Muddle thinly sliced apple with few dashes of cinnamon in a shaker. Add ingredients, shake and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, pour without straining into a footed Pilsner, tulip, or hurricane glass, garnish with a brandied cherry and a sprig of mint.
Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe glass.
Shake, strain over rocks and soda, top with another splash of soda.
Shake, strain over ginger beer and rocks.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish.
Stir, up, orange twist garnish
Shake well with ice and fine strain in to a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime zest twist.
Build in shaker, shake, strain into rocks or coupe glass.
Build in pre-heated mug. Combine bourbon, amaretto, and gin, top with boiling water. Garnish with clove-studded lemon wedge and cinnamon stick.
Build in a mug.
Swizzle liqueur and lime juice in a highball over crushed ice, add sparkling wine and top with more ice. Finish with the bitters, and garnish with an orange wedge.
Shake, double strain, cocktail glass, no garnish.
Add all ingredients except bitters & Orange peel in a shaker, shake figorously. Double strain in a coupe, add bitters and twist orange peel and discard it.
Long stir with ice, strain, up, coupe, garnish with a Luxardo maraschino cherry.
Shake, stream, up, & garnish
Stir over ice until well chilled, strain into chilled cocktail glass/coupe
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, garnish.
Shake hard as all hell and strain into a cocktail glass.... Drip drops all about the top and enjoy the show
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish with bitter and thin straw
Stir, strain into a coupe, olive garnish.
Add bourbon, Campari, citrus juices, two grinds of black pepper, and one sprig of basil to mixing tin; shake and strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with the second basil sprig.
Stir, strain, one big rock.
Fill a highball with ice. Add tequila. Top with the Dry cucumber soda. Garnish with a thin slice of English cucumber.
Combine all the ingredients in a shaker with ice, shake vigorously, and strain into a martini glass.
Swizzle over crushed ice, top with more crushed ice, bitters, and mint sprig.
Stirred, strained into a single old fashioned glass.  No ice or garnish.  Do 1 or 2 dashes of the strongly flavored Scrappy's cardamom bitters depending on how heavy your dash is as well as to taste.
Combine all ingredients and shake. Double strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with spanked lemon balm leaf
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Bend rosemary sprig repeatedly and add to shaker with ice and other ingredients.  Shake until cold and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a small rosemary sprig.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain in to a cocktail glass. Garnish with a Maraschino cherry and a lemon zest twist.
Stir, strain, rock.
Swizzle all in a highball full of crushed ice.  Add more ice as needed.
Shake Tuaca and lime juice, pour over rocks, add Ginger beer and float Angostura on top.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake ingredients with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail
Combine all ingredients with ice and shake. Fine strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with a pressed mint sprig floated on top. If you don't have turbinado syrup or sugar, a basic simple syrup will suit just fine.
Shake everything but soda water, strain into an iced double Old Fashioned glass.  Top with soda and garnish a cucumber slice.
Stir well with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Twist a piece of orange peel over the drink and use as garnish.
Shake, strain, coupe.  No garnish.
Dry shake, shake, strain, rocks, garnish with lemon peel and a few drops of bitters.
Stir, serve on the rocks.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Stir in mixing glass with ice, strain into coupe
Dry shake then shake with ice. Strain into a rocks glass and garnish with an orange twist.
Shake, strain, up
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Stir all ingredients with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with grated cardamom.
Cherry?
Stir, strain, up, twist.

Stir over ice in a Collins glass
Shake all but High Life, strain into an 8 oz mason jar containing High Life, garnish with an orange pigtail twist.
Shake, double-strain, serve up.  Garnish with orange peel.
Muddle the cherries and sugar cube in a shaker, add the remaining ingredients and dry Shake. Dump into a double rock glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish
Moisten the rim of a rocks glass with grapefruit wedge and coat with salt. Build the rest of the ingredients in the glass over cracked ice and stir.
Shake, strain, up.
Glass: Coupe.
Build in Shaker, cut coin of plum flesh and squeeze in to mix.  Add 5 large cubes and shake well.  Serve up.  Double Strain if Desired.
Muddle yellow bell pepper with passion fruit syrup. Add other ingredients. Shake. Double strain. Serve in a coupe. Decorate with slice of bell pepper under an umbrella to protect it from the sun. ;-)
Stir; strain; coupe. Garnish by flaming the orange slice/disk over the top by squeezing the essential oils out while igniting them with a lighter.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, up.
Combine all ingredients, shake vigorously for 20 seconds and strain into a glass without ice.
Stir with ice in mixing glass, strain into Collins glass with ice
Stir, Strain to Pastis rinsed single old fashioned glass, Spritz a lemon swath and discard.
Add all ingredients, shake, strain, serve up.
Shake, strain, chilled cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball, garnish
Shake, strain into absinthe-rinsed cocktail glass, twist the grapefruit and lime peels together and drop them into the glass.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Shake with ice, strain, and serve up with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, chilled coupe
Shake the rum, syrup and limes with ice and pour into the largest and most sturdy wine glass you can find. Add prosecco.
Stir/Strain/Up
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake all ingredients hard till good and frothy.  Pour over an ice-filled highball glass. Garnish.
Stir over ice, strain into a coupe, flamme the orange twist and drop it in
Stir and strain into rinsed glass.
Shake all with ice, coupé. Drop the bitters on top.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake, strain, top with seltzer, garnish with grapefruit twist if you wish.
Combine all ingredients in mixing glass (express oil from lemon peels and discard), stir, rock.
Shake with ice. Serve up. Garnish with a cherry.
Dry shake, shake, strain, up, garnish with freshly grated orange zest.
Stir, up.
Swizzle absinthe, lemon juice, and coconut syrup over crushed ice in a pilsner or hurricane glass. Top with more crushed ice and blue curaçao. Mound ice on top and garnish generously with Peychaud's and a mint sprig or three pineapple fronds.
Place all ingredients except the ginger ale into a 10 oz highball filled with ice.  Top off with ginger ale.
Combine all ingredients, except for the orange peel, in a mixing glass. Stir with ice. Strain into a coupe. Twist orange peel over drink.
Combine all ingredients except the beer in a cocktail shaker with ice, shake and double strain into a Collins glass. Float beer on top.
Shake/strain/up
Dry shake, shake with ice, strain, straight up, flute.
Shake, strain into a Collins on the rocks.
Roll between two tins, pour un-strained into a snifter with spent lime shell, top with generous dosage of Angostura.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Twist a grapefruit peel over the top and discard.
Add all ingredients except cinnamon stick to mixing glass filled with ice. Shake for 15-30 seconds. Strain into Old Fashioned glass over large ice cube. Garnish with cinnamon stick.
Shake over ice and strain into a chilled Green Chartreuse-rinsed coupe.  No garnish.
Muddle cherry tomatoes in base of the shaker. Add other ingredients and fill up with ice. Roll it until chilled and fine strain into a Cobbler glass / Wine glass or Water Goblet (if any available for your desire). Fill up with crushed ice. Garnish with an Orange wedge, a cherry tomato cut into half, a Celery stick and a Rosemary (just flaming before served).
Shake, strain, rocks, double old fashion, top with soda, garnish.
Dry shake, shake, fine strain, up, top with orange flower water and a pinch of fresh grated nutmeg or cinnamon.
Stir, strain over large cube/sphere, orange twist.
Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish, straw.
To each 3 oz. of booze, add 1 dash (“blip”) of grenadine. Mix in the morning, let sit 6-8 hours. Pour over crushed ice in a highball glass – pineapple spear, straw, swizzle stick.
Stir, strain, cocktail
Lemon twist, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Dry shake for 30 seconds, shake with ice for 30 second. Strain into a coupe, garnish with a mist of Angostura bitters
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe, garnish with molasses. For ginger syrup: juice ginger and mix 1:1 with simple syrup
Stir, strain, up, cocktail glass
Stir and strain into a chilled rocks glass.
Make an oleo-saccharum: Place the peels of 6 lemons in a glass bowl, add the sugar, muddle, then cover in plastic wrap and let sit somewhere warm for a few hours, or in the refrigerator overnight. When the oleo-saccharum is ready and you're ready to make the punch, juice all the lemons and dissolve the oleo-saccharum into the lemon juice. In a large saucepan, heat the milk until steaming, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and add the remaining ingredients. Stir vigorously until the milk curdles and the clear liquid separates. Strain through cheesecloth and adjust for strength (with water) or sweetness (with syrup). May be served warm or cold. Grate nutmeg to garnish.
Add all ingredients to shaker tin, shake, and double strain into coupe. For garnish, cut lemon wheel and poke tiny hole in center. Add small mint sprig and float on top of cocktail.
Build all ingredients in shaker, except cilantro. Shake with ice for 25 secs. Double strain, slap the cilantro, and float it on top, all in a chilled coup glass.
Muddle orange slice.  Add ice, gin, vermouth, and shake well.  Strain into cocktail glass.
Blend. Pour into a hurricane glass and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.
Stir, coupe, garnish.
Shake and strain into a coupe. Garnish with a lemon peel.
Shake ingredients with ice and strain into a coupe glass.
Shake with ice, serve up. No garnish.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with mint sprig, serve with straws.
Stir on ice, strain into chilled coupe. Garnish lemon peel.
Stir, strain, straight up, express zest and garnish with it
Muddle cardamom, then add remaining ingredients, dry shake.  Add ice and shake vigorously.  Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.  Grate fresh cinnamon on top.
Stir, rock, garnish.
Build over ice in mixing glass, shake for 15 secs or stir for 30, strain & serve straight up.
Stir, strain, up, garnish with star anise
Pour prosecco over ice. Add splash of club soda. Top with Aperol. Garnish with fat slice of orange and a green olive (no pimento).
Muddle mint, lemon and sugar. Double strain into glass with crushed ice. Garnish mint sprig and lemon wedge.
Shake, pour without straining into a cinnamon sugar-rimmed rocks glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, coupe.
Build ingredients in bucket glass. Stir, top with ice.  Garnish orange twist.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir and strain into a chilled martini glass.
Build in a heated coffee cup.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Because that is the way Bond likes it -- shaken, not stirred.
Stir, strain, up.
Combine all ingredients, except the sparkling wine, and stir with ice to combine. Strain into a flute, top with chilled sparkling wine and garnish with lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build over ice in rocks glass and stir. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain into a rocks glass, add foam to top. Garnish.
Stir with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake with ice, strain into a sugar-rimmed cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, flute, garnish with a lemon twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Muddle, shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake, strain into a double old fashioned glass with a large ice cube.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Muddle Mint and cucumber, add the rest of ingredients! Hard shake, fine-strain into tumbler on ice cubes! Garnish with mint sprig!
Build over ice, shake, double strain

Stir with ice, strain in a rock glass over large ice
Stir & strain to rocks glass with 1 big cube
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake an extra 2 seconds, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Shake, double strain, wine glass.
Combine, shake, strain over ice-filled down glass, lemon oil, and oregano sprig garnish
Stir, strain, rocks, low-ball.
Stir all ingredients together in an ice filled mixing glass and strain over a large cube-filled glass
Stir with cracked ice and strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with orange peel.
Build in chilled mixing glass. Stir for about 15 seconds. Strain into chilled coupe. No garnish.
In a large glass jar, combine the sugar, white wine and vodka and stir until the sugar mostly dissolves.
Stir. Strain into chilled coupe. No garnish.
Combine all ingredients in shaker, add ice, shake vigorously, strain into coupe, no garnish necessary.
Build in a rocks glass, stir.
Stir, strain, one large rock, garnish.
Blend. Tiki mug. Source notes garnish is cherry, pineapple spear, pineapple leaf, and an edible flower.
Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain over ice in a Collins or stove pipe glass. Top with soda.
Stir, strain, up, garnish.
Combine all ingredients in a shaker, shake and double strain into a coupe
Stir; strain; up; garnish.
Put the ginger and 2 or 3 slices of cucumber inside the shaker and muddle. Then add vodka, ice and shake strongly. 
1. Get your trusty lewis bag and start crushing ice
Shake with ice and strain into a coupe glass.
Shake over ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Shake, strain, up.
Build in a wine glass, adding cracked ice and stirring, and topping with sparkling wine and orange peel.
Stir with ice and strain into rocks glass filled with fresh ice. Twist two lemon swaths over the top and drop into the drink.
Shake, strain, garnish with a Luxardo cherry and an edible rose petal.
Combine first five ingredients in shaker tin, add ice, shake vigorously. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Dash Peychaud's bitters on top for aromatics. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Shake over ice and strain into a cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, old-fashioned glass, garnish
Combine all ingredients with ice and stir.  Strain into an old-fashioned glass and add large ice cube
Shake well with ice and double-strain into chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with orange wedge.
Stir, strain over rocks in a teacup, express and discard orange peel, garnish with a dried dragoneye.
Rinse glass with Laphroiag. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake, strain into prepared glass.
Shake, strain, Collins, rocks, float fernet over barspoon, serve with straw.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain over crushed ice, garnish with a mint sprig and a flower.
Stir and strain over fresh ice in a double Old Fashioned glass.
Stir, strain, cocktail glass, orange twist
Build first four ingredients in a shaker tin, add ice, shake. Strain into a collins glass, add ice, top with soda water, stir briefly to mix. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Stir, strain into old fashioned glass with a large cube or sphere.  Garnish with orange peel.
Built in the glass.  If you can't use PeM, use Martini Rosso.  Antica just doesn't do it.
Squeeze orange and lemon juices into shaker. Add Curacao, Apricot liqueur, Rye. and bitters. Stir and taste for sweetness. Add grenadine to taste. Shake with ice and strain into cocktail glass. Garnish with orange slice and cherry.
Stir with ice, strain into a cocktail glass, garnish with a sprig of mint
Muddle the Chicory in a shaker, add the rest of the ingredients and ice and shake and serve.
Shake, strain, up. Optionally, garnish with a fancy lime twist.
Mix ingredients and serve over ice in a highball. Garnish with lemon slice.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass. Garnish (or not, as desired).
Shake all ingredients and strain into a chilled rocks glass. No ice. Garnish with a miniature flag.
Shake all ingredients but lime and rum, strain, up, float lime half, fill with overproof rum, and set on fire.
Stir, strain, straight up, chilled cocktail glass rinsed in Campari, garnish.
Shake, strain, Collins, top, garnish.
Add liquid ingredients and stir over ice. Strain in chilled cocktail glass. Express oils from peel and twist in glass.
Muddle the strawberry in a shaker, add the other ingredients, shake with ice, strain into coupe, no garnish
Build in snifter and stir.

Shake with ice and strain into a cocktail glass, garnish.
Muddle chunks of watermelon with simple syrup in the bottom of a mixing glass. Add gin, lime juice and Campari, shake and pour unstrained into a tall Collins glass, garnishing with a wedge of watermelon.
Gently muddle the mint leaves and syrup in a shaker, shake with ice and the remaining ingredients. Double strain over 1 large ice cube in a DOF glass. Garnish.
Gently muddle mint with lemon and syrup.  Add watermelon and gin.  Shake gently and double strain into double old fashioned glass over crushed ice.  Garnish with fresh mint and serve with straw.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Shake all but wine with ice, double strain into a champagne flute, drop in twist, top with bubbly.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball
Puree watermelon, muddle mint, add ingredients, shake w/ ice, fine strain. Rocks. Low-ball
Add cider, Licor 43 & lemon juice into a mixing glass--stir until combined.  Pour into an ice filled tulip glass, top off with agua fresca, and garnish with a twist of lemon and a sprig of lemon balm
Shake/Strain/Up/Twist or Cherry
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish, spritz.
Shake all but beer, strain over ice in a Collins, top with beer, garnish with an orange wedge.
Build in glass over ice, stir, rest, sip.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Dry shake all ingredients except the Angostura. Add ice and shake again until cold. Double strain into a coupe glass. Add three drops of Angostura on top and swirl into the foam with a straw of bar spoon creating a spiral on top.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Stir, strain into an oversized goblet.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, straight up, cocktail glass
Build In Mixing Glass, Add Large Ice Cubes, Stir, and Strain into a Chilled, Stemmed Glass.
Stir, strain, straight up, chilled coupe, grapefruit twist (optional)
Stir over ice and strain into a ice filled rocks glasss.
Shake, strain, OF glass, large cube, garnish
Hard long dry shake
Shake, strain, rock.
Stir with ice and strain into a chilled coupe. Garnish with 2 drops orange flower water.
Muddle raspberries and sugar in an old fashioned glass. Add bourbon and liqueur, add ice and stir. Top with ginger beer
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain, Collins glass, crushed ice, garnish.
Muddle 3 raspberries, orange juice, and honey syrup.  Add ice, spiced rum, and aperol.  Shake and double strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with an orange twist while releasing the orange oils into the glass.
Shake on ice, stain into chilled coupe. Garnish lemon peel.
All of these liquors are, of course, pre-chilled. Stir with ice regardless. Strain into a coupé. Slap the sprig of thyme and garnish with it.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Shake, strain over fresh ice, lemon wedge garnish.
Shake, strain, rock, low-ball. Garnish. If using the optional egg white, shake the ingredients first without ice, then shake again with ice.
Shake and strain, with cherry garnish
Build over ice in a double rocks glass with a lemon- and nutmeg-scented sugar rim, stirring in Champagne.
Shake for 30 seconds (until shaker is frosty), strain into a rocks glass, top with club soda.
Stir, strain, up.
Dry shake; shake; rocks; garnish.
Stir, strain, up.
Combine all. Stir with ice. Strain.
Not sure why this is shaken rather than stirred. Seems like a lot of sugar.
Shake, strain, up.
Dry shake, add ice, shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, coupe.
Stir and strain.
Shake once without ice and once with. Double strain into a Highball glass containing 1+ oz soda water. Garnish with 5-6 thin cucumber slices on a skewer and add a straw.
Stir it all down in the right order, be very careful so the raw honey really mix down with the milk and not just stays at the bottom.
Stir in mixing glass and strain into chilled coupe. Express lemon peel and drop in.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, strain into a chilled coupe.  No garnish.
Briefly shake, strain over crushed ice in a tin, garnish with a mint bouquet and candied almonds.
Shake, strain, up.
Shake, double strain. Martini glass.
Shake, strain, straight up, cocktail glass, garnish
Stir with ic, strain ino glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, lowball glass
Stir without ice to dissolve acid, and then stir with ice, strain, and serve up. Twist and discard.
Shake all ingredients except soda water, pour over ice in highball glass and stir in soda. Garnish with lime.
Shake, strain, Collins, garnish with a thin ginger slice and two pineapple leaves.
Shake, strain, up, optional orchid or other edible flower garnish.
Shake all ingredients except IPA and strain into a large martini glass. Top with IPA and garnish with lime

Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake, shake, strain, one big rock, twist.
Shake, strain, up or rock. Traditional garnishes include a brandied cherry and a lime wedge. Sometimes garnished with an apple slice.
Shake, strain over Champagne, garnish.
Shake (yes, shake, to dilute and soften), stain, straight up, cocktail glass, no garnish
Stir with ice, strain into rocks glass.
Stir, strain, lowball. Garnish with a sprig of rosemary or an orange peel.
Shake on ice, strain, enjoy
Stir with ice. Strain into rocks glass over fresh ice. Top with Ting. Garnish with lemon twist and fresh mint.
Shake first four ingredients with ice. Strain into rocks glass containing one large ice cube. Drizzle heering over the ice cube.
Expressed orange peel, Stir, Straight Up, Lowball
Shake all ingidients but the champagne
Stir with ice, strain into lowball over a large rock. Garnish with lemon twist.
Combine ingredients in a mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir until chilled. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and garnish with an orange peel.
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Combine the brandy, syrup, and lemon juice in a punch bowl over a large block of ice and stir in the Champagne and soda shortly before serving. Garnish with rosemary sprigs and grapefruit peels.
Dry shake, shake, strain, top with soda.
Build in collin's glass. Fill with crushed ice. Swizzle until glass frosts. Serve with pickled pineapple.
Stir all ingredients with ice and then strain into coup. No garnish.
Shake over ice, serve straight up.
Stir, strain, rock, twist.
Mix in a chilled mixing glass over ice. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and garnish with an orange peel.
Stir first three ingredients with ice. Rinse a chilled cocktail glass with Becherovka. Strain into prepared glass and garnish with twist.
Shake with ice and strain into an ice filled Tiki mug.
Stir, strain, up.
Shake on ice, strain into snifter
Shake, strain into absinthe-rinsed glass, twist.
Shake, strain, julep cup, top with crushed ice, garnish with mint sprig.
Build over crushed ice, stir.
Stir, strain into a coupe
Build over ice in an Old Fashioned glass & stir to incorporate.
Add kumquats, falernum, and syrup, muddle, then add everything but soda, fill with ice and shake, double strain into collins glass top with soda water, garnish with orange zest
Shake (or stir?), strain, up, garnish.
Shake the ingredients except club soda with ice, double strain iver ice into a highball, top with club soda and garnish with 4 sprays of violet liqueur
Mix all and warm (careful not to overheat). Top with whip cream and sprinkle ground nutmeg and ground clove.
Strip the leaves off the rosemary stem into the bass of a shaker and lightly muddle. Add the Meyer lemon juice and egg white and dry shake for 5 seconds. Add the Campari and honey syrup and shake with ice for 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with fresh rosemary sprig.
Shake on ice. Strain. Serve up with Rainier cocktail cherry
Stir, strain, rocks glass/no ice. Drop or discard twist according to your Sazerac preference.
Shake, double-strain into coupe.  Garnish with orange peel.
Stir till especially cold (~50 seconds), and pour into a chilled cocktail glass
Squeeze lime, cut shell small pieces, and muddle with sage leaf. Add other ingredients. Shake vigorously. Fine strain into rocks-filled lowball glass.
Stir, Strain over chunk. Express over
Shake, pour without straining, garnish, serve with straw.
Dry shake, shake, strain over one large rock, garnish with a few more drops of the bitters.
Stir, strain, orange peel
Shake and strain, garnish with lemon twist
Shake with ice. Strain into a chilled champagne coupe or cocktail glass.
Swizzle in an ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with orange slice and mint sprig.
Shake over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Shake over ice and fine strain. Garnish
Muddle basil, shake, double strain, top with tonic, stir, top with bitters and a basil sprig, serve with straw.
Shake, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, strain, coupe, garnish.
Shake with ice, strain into a cocktail glass

Build in rocks glass with one large ice cube. Stir briefly and garnish.
Shake ingredients. Serve on rocks with lemon peel.
Shak and strain into cocktail glass.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir; strain; rocks; garnish.
Muddle fruit in shaker, add liquid ingredients, shake and strain into a rocks glass over large ice.
Stir with ice and strain into a cocktail coupe. Serve with a cherry-orange peel flag garnish.
Build into collin's glass with ice.
Stir on ice, serve down, flamed orange peel garnish
Shake, strain. No garnish.
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Combine all ingredients into a mixing glass with ice.  Stir until well chilled.  Strain into chilled cocktail glass.
Build in glass over ice, either a Collins or a wine goblet, finishing with the sparkling wine and dropping in the orange slice. Stir. Sip. Enjoy.
Stir, strain, up.
Muddle all ingredients and taste for balance between the sugar and lemon. Add simple or lemon as necessary. Add ice, shake briefly, and double strain into a double rocks glass with ice. Garnish with a generous mint sprig.
Stir, straight up, no garnish
Combine all ingredients except the orange peel into your shaker pint. Stir, strain into a chilled rocks glass. Express the orange peel and discard.
Shake, rocks, garnish, serve with straw.
Combine and stir; strain into coupe, garnish with a lemon twist.
Muddle sugar with water and bitters in rocks glass. Add one giant cube, Pimento Dram, Lairds and stir. Flame orange twist over the top.
Half fill shaker with ice, and add all ingredients.
Stir, strain, rocks, straws, twist.
Shake, strain, up.
Blend with ice, serve in a hurricane glass with a straw, garnish with an umbrella through an orange wheel and two brandied cherries. Throw on some Michael McDonald and enjoy.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Build in glass, topping with soda, and stirring to incorporate. Garnish with fruit.
Shake, strain, coupe.  Lime twist.
Stir, rocks, express lemon peel and discard
Shake the first five ingredients and strain into a cocktail glass. Garnish with the drop of Swedish bitters.
Stir, strain, up. No Garnish
Shake/stir with ice, strain and garnish with orange rind.
Stir; strain; up.
Shake, strain, rocks, garnish.
Stir and strain into a rocks glass containing one large rock.
Muddle 1 slice of bell pepper with honey syrup (save 1 slice for garnish), add remaining ingredients and shake. Double strain into a coupe with garnish with other slice of bell pepper.
Heat a 6 oz heatproof mug. Dry shake everything but the milk and the lime peel. Whisk the hot milk into the dry shaken ingredients, then double strain into the warmed mug.  Express lime peel and dash bitters on top.
Stir absinthe, yellow chartreuse, and apricot brandy. Strain into chilled cocktail glass and garnish with orange slice.
Pour ingredients over ice in highball, top with seltzer, stir lightly.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Cherry, Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
Stir, stain up into chilled coupe, garnish lemon twist
Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Stir, strain, up.
Stir, strain, big rock.  Squeeze lemon and drop in.
Stir and strain into a cocktail glass.
Combine all ingredients with ice and stir until well-chilled. Strain into a cocktail glass or over 1 large ice cube in a rocks glass.
Shake, strain, squeeze a lemon peel and discard
Stir, strain, coup.
Shake, strain, up, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Rinse coupe with Fernet and discard excess.  Shake/strain remaining ingredients.
Rinse a rocks glass with absinthe. Stir the brandy, cocchi americano, and honey syrup with ice and strain over fresh ice. Spritz absinthe over the surface of the drink and garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Muddle blueberries. Combine. Shake. Double strain. Up. Garnish.
Shake, strain, up.
Stir, strain, one big rock, twist.
Shake, loose strain into a chilled Gibraltar glass. Garnish with bitters
Shake and strain into absinthe rinsed glass.
To build the cocktail: Shake first four ingredients.  Double strain, top with cava.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Dry shake, shake, fine strain, up. garnish with a few drops of bitters or fresh yuzu zest if you can get it.
Combine all ingredients except pear and cinnamon in an airtight glass container and stir to combine. Refrigerate until ready to use (no more than 4 hours). At serving time, pour over ice into a punch bowl and add pear cubes and sprinkle cinnamon on top.
Shake, strain, rocks, twist.
Stir, strain, one big rock, garnish.
Shake, strain, up, twist.
Stir with ice and strain into a rocks glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir. Strain. Garnish with Maraschino cherry
Shake ingredients strain into highball with fresh ice.
Stir, strain, up, express and insert fat orange twist.
Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into an ice filled old-fashioned glass.  Garnish with a lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist, garnish.
Muddle the blackberries with simple syrup in a shaker. Add other ingredients except garnishes. In a Collins glass, fill with shard ice, add cola, strain contents of shaker into Collins on top of cola. Garnish with an orange twist.
Stir, strain, and serve up with lemon twist.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Add everything into a shaker, add two ice cubes, shake well, garnish with Luxardo Cherry.
Stir dry to dissolve, then ice and stir to chill.
Shake, strain into a Collins over ice, float grenadine and watch it sink down like blood from delicious brains.
Shake, strain, rocks.
Stir, strain, up, twist.
Stir first two ingredients with bitters over ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Blend briefly, pour into ice-filled collins glass. Garnish
Shake all ingridients, strain into a tiki mug with fresh ice cubes and decorate with some mint sprigs. add a few drops of grenadine on the sprigs
Stir, Straight Up, Cocktail
